What if....?

According to this drama (and I did not fact check it!) our brains continue to function for 4 minutes after the oxygen supply had been cut off. What exactly happens during those 4 minutes? This drama gives us an answer.

The story is not as messy as I was made to understand. It deals with what ifs: would you react differently in the same situation if you are given the opportunity. Mostly, these four minutes give time and space for the characters to grow and mature: one from being a spoiled brat who cannot say no to his friends and is overprotected by his parents and the other one who almost ruined his life looking for revenge. They become aware of their mistakes and learn from them.

There are four distinct parts of the story: 4 episodes of Great's 4 minutes(the time before the brain completely shuts down and the person dies)of a near death experience in the form of time travelling in order to mend his mistakes, followed by two and a half episodes of the real life story, one episode of the Doctor's wishful thinking 4 minutes and finally a half an hour resolution! The first part is the longest, giving us, the viewers, the same time Great needed to understand what's going on! The rest is a bit rushed and a little unsatisfying: I would have liked to see the bad guys really suffer but even though they do get punished, the hope that the society is ever going to change and get better, is not there.

I am glad I binge watched this because the suspense would have killed me - especially when at the end of the penultimate episode every good guy seems to have died: none of the bad guys but EVERY good guy!

The production value here is exceptional, it is very much evident that they tried really hard to give this drama a special feel. And feelings there are just none of the good ones: it is dark and depressing, just like the story it is trying to tell. Mind you, it is beautifully filmed and acted. The special effects are just perfect. The costumes are consistent with the running theme of a depressing and serious drama: Great is always in white and the doctor in black when not in scrubs.

The writing is original and the story is wrapped up nicely (the author seems to like Until We Meet Again a lot given the star crossed lovers' second couple storyline!) though somehow ambiguously with the main couple in a boat on a river inviting the query: are they just out on a date or are they crossing the Styx?

Another important feature, apart from the number 4 are the clocks: every time Great looks at the clock it is 11:00. No matter how much time it passes, it is always 11:00. Until he realizes that he has only 4 min left to live when the clock suddenly changes to 11:01 etc. and everything that he's been experiencing is a coma dream due to a near death experience.

And finally there are cats everywhere; black and white plushies for the leads and a black cat which caused one of the second leads to lose his sanity. There are a lot of cat food ads. The question now is: were the cats originally written in the script or were they added because of the PPL?

The society this drama describes is a cruel one: it is the weak who suffer in the hands of the rich and the powerful, the poor are not helped by the people who are supposed to be there to protect them (usually known as the police) because of the overpowering corruption. So they either bow down and suffer in silence or deal the justice themselves. Unfortunately for them, it never ends well.

The cinematography of this drama is extraordinary: from filming angles, to colour scheme (everything is gray except for the ML's red car) to geometrical sets (there are lots of circles!) and everything is important for the story. It was pretty much obvious from the first episode that the events are not taking place in the real world: the lack of colours and the number 4 showing up everywhere, as well as the strange and ominous sounding music gave the very odd impression that not everything is what it seems.

Frankly I am surprised this drama has such high ratings give the complex story and the filming style: it definitely is not one of the usual BLs. Actually I would put sci-fi as the main genre here followed by crime and psychological and then, maybe, romance where characters happen to be gay. The tone of this drama reminded me very much of 7 Days to Valentine where the storyline and production were just as dark and depressing, not very romantic. What is different here is the main actor's cult following and the abundance of NC scenes (which were, by the way, beautifully filmed). I keep seeing the comments and the reviews saying in gist: "omg, those nc scenes are hot i want more!!!" but never mention the plot or anything else that is actually important and really interesting here. The producer knows its business and how to speak to teen audience just give them hot actors making out and they are happy. Who cares about the plot? Well I do and luckily for me, they managed to strike a good balance between an engaging plot and a few soft porn scenes (not as many as I thought there would be!) so everyone's happy now!

Actually, this drama should be watched just for its cinematography if nothing else! In conclusion, this is a difficult but a beautiful and a satisfying watch. Not for the fans of fluffy bls though....
could have been a 10/10

Overall: although I enjoyed the beginning, things unraveled for me. 8 episodes about 1 hour each. Aired on GagaOOLala uncut: https://gagaoolala.com/en/videos/4688/4minutes-2024 (except Thailand, Japan, Korea); iQIYI uncut https://www.iq.com/album/4minutes-sultrier-version-2024-1zc6sune8fl?lang=en_us and cut version https://www.iq.com/album/4minutes-2024-1h7yndte6zx?lang=en_us (Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Spain, United Kingdom and United States); Viu with some countries having the cut version (Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Macau, Myanmar, Singapore); Rakuten TV in Japan and Heavenly in South Korea. The cut version has NSFW shortened/cut and also cuts out some plot as well.

Content Warnings: most content warnings, it has some very dark/graphic parts in it

What I Liked
- mystery element
- grey characters
- use of the number 4 or things adding up to 4
- production value* (includes cinematography, use of color as symbolism, props to represent things)

Room For Improvement
- not a fan of a flash forward (or back) as a hook for a series
- there were too many characters/plot to fully develop them all, also pacing
- misleading trailer, it felt that a different character is the main lead instead of a character people were led to believe
- tricking the audience, not a fan of how that was done
- sweet moments that didn't actually happen
- cliched plot stuff
- no reason why a character had a girlfriend, I couldn't support a romance because it was built to not be a romance
- cringey guitar playing/serenading
- the intimate scenes were needed but they did not need to be that explicit/I didn't need to glimpse an actor's body part when walking around
- *many scenes were too dark to see the actors' faces or even what was happening, even for scenes at night they need to put light on their faces
- nonsense stuff: I can't comment on all of the medical things and their realism, but I highly doubt any surgeon would spin his medical implements before/during a surgery, that seemed to be a ton of papers for a small clipboard in ep 1, an investigator who didn't wear gloves at a crime scene, in ep 4 a character oddly didn't wear a mask when he should have
- Be On Cloud decided to sell it to a company where it is only airing in 8 countries (and perhaps 2 more) and then had the gall to not respond anywhere to questions about the remaining 180+ countries but instead posted about how to only watch it via official channels, I don't mind companies needing money to get things made but they should have been clear about where and the why (update: after 5 weeks they had an actual international release and the reason was likely money/maybe they couldn't say their whole release plan due to a contract but it still was bad to not have an official platform for 180+ countries for 5 weeks)

Note About an Actor's Age (I didn't take off points for this but as an fyi 1 actor was likely 17 when he filmed several very explicit scenes, age of majority in Thailand is 20)
- it's valid to feel uncomfortable with a 17 year old actor doing explicit scenes and to not watch this series
- it's valid to feel fine with a 17 year old actor who voluntarily agreed to do explicit scenes (and had his parents' permission) and watch/enjoy this series
- everyone gets to make that decision for themselves, I hold no judgement either way for this example, personally I am watching the series but I'm not re-watching that actor's NC scenes
This review may contain spoilers
Totally Confusing ?

this is very confusing series but that is also the highlight of the series. it is like we are trying to put the pieces of a puzzle together. like I thought like till the episode, yeah a normal love drama. then I like wth is happening. it took me an hour after episode 6 to understand what was going on. then when the 4 minutes of Tyme came, I was again damn confused?. but it was interesting at the same time. like it is a perfect mix, like toxicity, romance, crime, thrilling and also sci-fi. I like it. but i don't recommend it for people who are new to bl. they'll be like wtf is going on. but my personal opinion, I love it.
This review may contain spoilers
Great Tyme Continuum (With no added sultriness)

Hello, I'm Great! No, I don’t mean I'm doing great (have you seen the show?), but that I am Great! Ummm… no, I'm not saying I'm a great person (have you seen the show?), but my name is Great! Oh… I give up. I’m the crazy cat lady. Happy?

Anyway, what did you make of me and my story? Wasn’t it fun? Admittedly, it isn’t fun to die Tyme and Tyme again for your entertainment, but you knew I was going to live, didn’t you?

I’m grateful to my creators for putting me in one of the *greatest* bodies out there, on whose head not a strand is out of place, and whose body Adonis and Antinous would envy. They also seem to have had a big budget, which they mostly spent on interior design porn, and renting cars from the Fast and the BiCurious outlet mall. *I* have no objections. I do wish the writers had been paid more… Because I really don’t understand who I am, and what has been happening to me. I also didn’t know *how* to feel about what was happening, but fortunately, the background music was always at hand to tell me.

Since I’m now alive — I’m not sure, this might be a Black Mirror kind of situation — I have been lurking around the forums online to find out the truth. I’ve pretty impressed by the hard work of the “fandom”. There are some good theories out there. But I’m still not sure I understand. (I'm a bit thick, you see, but thickness, like size, matters.)

***Ignore the following three paragraphs if pressed for time, or to avoid "plot" details. ***

What I’m most confused about is perspective. So, when I was going into cardiac arrest -- as were Tyme and Tonkla and everyone else who’s ever been shot it would seem -- I had four comatose minutes during which I could see four (?) consequential moments where I could have chosen a less evil path. Fun. I love guilt-tripping. Some, including my maker, Sammon, argue that each of these moments is a pathway to an alternate “reality”, but my physicist friend assures me that this is not how the many-universe theory works. (There, reality splits every measurable moment, because quantum decoupling happens every measurable moment. Besides, neither the heart nor the brain are quantum systems, but... never mind.) Also, can an unconscious person see? Or hear? Or feel? Isn't that an oxymoron? I, for one, certainly don't remember any of it! Before you accuse me of being pedantic, know that Sammon prides herself on her scientific and philosophical sophistication. But the most existential question for me is this: once we do enter this liminal space, and 'choose' an alternate 'reality', what happens to the reality we leave behind? Do I die? Am I dead? Am I Bruce Willis in that movie?

Now, there is also that whole other storyline involving online gambling, TonKla, Korn, Win, and Nan. I know you didn't care for any of it, but bear with me. Did *I* see that too? Did Tyme? Or were their storylines alone real all the time? Are my parents good or bad? If good, why did I see what I did? If bad, why did Tyme see what he did? Fine, let's allow that my perspective and that of an omniscient narrator can co-exist. But then, didn’t TonKla’s dead brother show up at one random point? More confusingly, if the four minutes represent opportunities where deaths could have been prevented, didn’t other deaths happen anyway? Are some lives more worth than others? I mean, I know my beautiful body is worth more than Tyme’s grandmother’s life, or that bastard TonKla's, but still… Am I the asshole? Or is the universe fatalistic all the same, and our subjunctive possibilities mere hallucinations? If so, what’s the fucking point of all this?

Of course, Tyme is still in a huff about the fact that *his* perspective got half a measly episode, but mine got six! Poor TonKla, he fared even worse! While we’re at it, what in crazy cat lady’s name was that last episode all about? I'm so confused, and I don’t know why my creators were in such a hurry to wrap things up. I don't even understand why I'm still alive, and why Tyme's still alive, but not my brother. Why did he have to kill himself? Don't we all have blood on our hands? Also, who chooses these realities for us? Sammon? If so, why choose these, and not one in which my story actually makes sense? As I said, the writers should have been paid more, if they were paid at all. But then, all those “cute” moments between me and Tyme — it satisfied you lot, didn’t it? How many of you screamed at the last shot? Good, I’m happy for you. I'm happy for us too. Not for my brother, though.

*** Here endeth knowledge. ***

I know some of you thought my sex scenes with Tyme were a tad on the soft side. Listen, I know my body, and the fact that I was listening to Limp Bizkit all of next day is no coincidence. Tyme is a Great lover, and he bore his arse out for you: be Greatful. But I will admit, that bastard TonKla stole the show from me. Never trust a power bottom. Were you really surprised when he shot me, and revealed his face in the campest way possible? I’d say I’m glad he’s dead, but, I’d still love to have had a Great Tyme with him and Win and Korn. And yes of course I'd have sex with my murderer if he's hot enough -- ask any self-respecting gay man. Besides, you all saw a flash of JJay's p-JJ, didn't you? How many times did you go back, freeze the frame, and thought to yourself, "I've become my mother"?

Oh, one last thing. Why 4 minutes, you ask? It is, apparently, the length of time it would take for consciousness to fade after the heart stops, during which, you can enter an alternate dimension, alternate reality, alternate universe, or whatever else is alternate. That’s what the last-minute narrator -- where the fuck did she come from? -- says. Turns out, not possible. Anoxia induces loss of consciousness in 6 seconds, and inflicts permanent brain damage within 2 minutes. (You should have seen the first draft of this review. There are parts of my brain to which I no longer have any access.) So, I can only guess that my creators were listening to Madonna on repeat on Spotify as they fell asleep (or while doing cocaine), and concluded, with Mr. Timberlake, there were only 4 minutes left to save the world…

Reader's Digest:
DO SAY: In Search of Lost Tyme
DON'T SAY: The Great Catsby
Could have been the next KinnPorsche

I watched this with great expectations. The first episode was intriguing with the whole look into the future for 4 minutes thing. But as the series went on, it changed from intriguing to downright confusing. The 4 minutes became a blur and different realities were so mixed together that you weren’t able to tell what exactly went with what. If this series had been more straightforward, it could have been on the level as KinnPorsche.

But, I thought the acting was superb and I am now a bigger fan of these actors. Bible and Jes made a perfect pairing. I especially loved the “dream-like” sequence where they were extremely happy together. The story about Tonkla was heartbreaking and I shed a few tears for that whole situation.

But overall, the way they made it soooo confusing, I didn’t really enjoy it very much and I won’t be watching it again.
4MINUTƎS

I have watched tons of bls the last few years and I know very well how they have evolved. When they first started, bls had very similar settings and plots. Most of them took place in universities or high schools, that's how the engineer faculty joke came to be.

At some point, bl series started gaining tons of viewers and attention and companies started -as expected- to invest more and more in this particular "genre". As a result, from characters that were usually high schoolers and university students, we started watching on our screen so many different main leads. From doctors and office workers to supernatural entities and mafia bosses.

The thing is that in the majority of these series, no matter how entertaining or well made they may be, the plot felt more like a background that was there just to envelop the main characters and their romance. It felt like the writers were not actually ready to create a well written and logical plot, since it was out of their comfort zone.

And here comes 4minutes. To get this out of the way, this series is not perfect, but I can clearly see it is an earnest effort to make a unique drama that deviates from the usual tropes.

4minutes has amazing directing and cinematography. In simple words, it is visually stunning. It has an immaculate dark atmosphere, good music and good acting. Of course, since this is the "sultrier" version there are quite a few explicit scenes that are also pretty well done -but not for the faint-hearted-. The chemistry between the characters is good and their love stories are also good (enough).

And here comes the usual black sheep; the plot. 4minutes has an actually well written, intricate and complicated plot. Or to be more precise, that's what they want the audience to believe. The plot itself is not that complicated and until the end it is easy to put all the pieces in the correct place. Things are getting clearer and clearer with each episode. But because the concept is special and because of some directing choices, the plot seems to be much more confusing and complex than it is in reality and I am saying this as positively as possible.

4minutes has a quite unique plot compared to many series (and not only bls). It has flawed characters that don't feel like the typical "toxic" ones we usually watch and enjoy (to hate). It is one of the few times that despite the love stories and the (many) gay main leads, I could feel that the plot was actually more important than the romance. That it was there to serve a purpose, something that is obvious from the viewers themselves. People were not talking that much of the romantic relationship between the mains and the good looking cast. They were making theories about the plot, they were trying to solve it like a riddle. And that is what makes 4minutes a great -pun intended- series, despite its flaws.

And what are those flaws? Some of the acting performances here and there could have been better and some plot points could have been developed in a different manner.
However, the thing that actually bothered me the most has to do with the emotional aspect of the series. I just didn't feel for the characters and their stories. I think that this is the biggest flaw of 4minutes. I could acknowledge that I was watching something well made, but emotionally wise, it didn't move me, it didn't make me gasp. I wanted that something more. I wanted to feel for the characters and for their relationships more than I did.

All in all, despite the negative aspects, 4minutes was definitely worth the watch and it felt like a huge breath of fresh air. It doesn't follow the formula we have seen again and again during the past few years and it was a memorable enough watch that differentiated itself from everything else, putting the plot, and not the romance, in the foreground.
This review may contain spoilers
Perfect production but messy story

This BL was highly anticipated by many. BOC, Bible, Jes. This is a potentially golden combination. And it started off just as promising. Many different storylines that we could see were related, but how exactly was a big question. A lot of questions got answered from around ep. 4. but a lot still remained obscure. What exactly did these 4 minutes mean? and what was real? Because apparently some events were fictional? Ep. 5 and 6 gave us answers. But for me, those were not really the ones we were looking for and even more questions were raised. Who died? And if they did, who killed them? Tha last two eps. wrapped it all up. But not in a neat little package and we are still left with why's how's and who's. Should we have seen some bigger picture? I did not find it if it was there.

Overall the acting is superb, as is the production. Perfect lighting.coloring and stages. Big love here. As for the other parts of the show, like consistency, story, music.... theres still some to be desired. It felt like there were parts of the story missing. Not as much essential parts, but still important "setting the scene" parts. We are thrown into one scene after another and are left to our own devices to connect them all. Which coukld have worked out great, but I still felt like we were looking at an unfinished product.

Maybe it was my expectations that were too high, or maybe it was BOC's ambitions that were too high?

I did also spot some references to KinnPorsche. More subtle, like in some shots, but also very in your face like the song "Why Don't You Stay" by Jeff Satur (but here not sung by Jeff Satur).

I will rewatch this at some point and maybe then I will adjust my review.
Imperfectly enjoyable

Not everything has to be top notch for you to enjoy a viewing experience. It wasn’t a perfect watch and nothing about this was truly unique or outstandingly mind-blowing, from the premise to the acting to its characters, but I have to say that this show felt unique to me from the get go. I’m can’t pinpoint it, though it may be that I’m still pretty new to BLs and Asian dramas in general, so it could be that this being more focused on a openly complicated plot, it having THAT much steam and romance not being the star of the show surprised me when compared to the other stuff that I’ve seen so far. But mostly, I felt like the people behind it had clear intentions and ideas going in, in ways making me think that, while wanting to try something new, they still didn’t do shit without a clear motive behind every shot or line of dialogue. It’s extremely admirable to me and I can honestly say there wasn’t a single second in this where I felt bored watching it. Of course this doesn’t mean that they were actually successful in making the product I KNOW they wanted to make. I do think there are a few issues that they need to fix going in into the sequel to make up for a confusing start. Before naming a few of them, I just want to be clear that by “confusing” I don’t necessarily mean the mystery behind the plot, and that I’m only critiquing the show out of genuine passion and excitement for what’s to come. What’s confusing to me is the script. I can see the ideas, I can see the potential, but then maybe the inexperience or the fact that they wouldn’t/couldn’t make this a couple more episodes long, there were moments where a scene would feel incohesive with the the previous or the next, as if they had to skip some content for them to be able to cram everything in an 8-hour long product. Mind you, I finished the last episode without feeling like I just wasted my time, so I’m sure they did the best they could with what they had. But then again, if the writing was somehow better, it would have benefited everything in here, especially with the characters. The main characters had some pretty fucked up things happening to them both in their backstories and their present, but with it being so plot-heavy and the writing having to make sure they didn’t leave anything important out, the character development itself suffered. Which leaves me feeling like they HAVE developed, but unfortunately I don’t get to see it in a satisfying way. That also means that, if the writing isn’t completely there, then the acting performance also suffers. The only case I felt where a character had a pretty much good arc is Korn, which felt pretty linear. The script did help the actor immensely with a pretty straightforward arc for him, and Bas is already a talent on his own, probably the best one out of the cast if I only have to judge from what you see in this series. That can partially be said for the actor and character of Ton Kla as well. I also KNOW Jes and Bible to be very good and expressive actors, and I did enjoy their performances, but unfortunately scenes weren’t written for them to shine and show their acting abilities.

In conclusion, yes, in a way this does feel like kind of a missed opportunity and there’s definitely some big room for improvement. But at the same time, this had remarkable photography, a pretty thrilling pacing, interesting ideas left and right and I had the best time watching, trying to guess all the possibilities and ways they story could go. I know it looks like I’m kinda bashing it, but I assure you, bullying is how I flirt. And I flirted a LOT with this BL. DEFINITELY worth a watch.

(EDIT: also, someone just reminded of the insane amount of ISDIN ads that were thrown left and right, it really did send me through the roof every time the camera sat for a few seconds on a bottle of sunscreen ?though on a serious note, it surely aligns with my idea that unfortunately the people behind it needed the funding, so good on them if that helped with the production side of things!)
This review may contain spoilers
What happened VS What could have happened

The concept is quite brilliant, but the execution could certainly have been better.

The "explanation" for the bewildering scenes for many of the episode is basically that, for people whose brains are oxygen-deprived and they are on the brink of death or in a coma, they hallucinate about what their lives could have been had they done something different.

At the start of the series, Great sees himself knocking a woman down with his car and driving off. When the vision ends, he drives and knocks someone down without driving off irresponsibly, changing the course of events. Eventually, however, it turns out that Great does not see 4 minutes into the future at all. The series of events happening following the hit-and-run is the reality whereas the other series of events is just something that goes on in his mind when he is in danger of dying.

Some find it highly unsatisfactory that so much of the series feature the "hallucinations" rather than the reality. To me, it is fine as the hallucinations reveal their most deep-seated desires and make the reality especially poignant when it is revealed. Nonetheless, I think there are issues. Since what we are seeing isn't premised on traveling back in time to fix the past or predicting the future to change something for the better, what we are seeing is what *could* have happened rather than what *would* have happened. In other words, the alternative story just a story spun by the dying brains of the characters rather than a definite course of events. This does compromise the emotive quality of the series.

It also seems to me that the "explanation" doesn't really explain things. At one point, we are led to think that Tonkla senses the presence of his brother, who has been killed. But, based on the explanation, this makes no sense whether we are watching the reality or Great's imagined series of events. The two do not mix unless Great's imagination can invade the reality that Tonkla experiences. Furthermore, it is quite confusing that when Great supposedly sees four minutes into the future, there are glances of himself being intimate with Time that happen way after the four minutes. The visions seem to be simply planted there to intrigue viewers and perhaps titillate them with glimpses of sex scenes. I also feel that, in the "hallucinated" series of events, there are scenes that Great wouldn't be imagining simply because they do not involve him (e.g. Time at the hospital overhearing what his colleagues say about his relationship with another doctor) and are not quite relevant to the alternative reality that his dying brain so badly wants.

When it comes to the BL, the relationship between Great and Time in the real version of events isn't developed well. We do not see enough of how Time's feelings for Great develop and see more of him being obsessed with avenging his parents who were killed. As for the other BL couple (three characters, actually), Tonkla/Korn or Tonkla/Win, there are just many sex scenes without emotional intensity. The story seems to vacillate between showing Korn as someone who deeply loves Tonkla and showing him as someone who does not truly care about him. Tonkla's apparent preoccupation with wanting to have unprotected sex seems nonsensical and added in just for dirty talk even though one might come up with some labored explanation for it. Win is interesting but lacks development--the final episode is a little too rushed for a series that seems to take its time to reveal things to us.

Ultimately, the freshness of the concept and the way the series pushes boundaries in depicting sex and nudity in BLs may garner this series a lot of attention, but it is unlikely remembered as a classic that is executed with finesse in every way.
This review may contain spoilers
Omg

The quality of this production is excellent! Everything is clicking: OST, acting, and intimate scenes. The visuals flow with a professional quality. I'm watching the "sultier" version. In episode one the scene with Korn was hot! On a more personal level...KinnPorcshe escalated the type of sex scenes portrayed in bl series and I think 4 minutes will do the same. Don't get me wrong. I enjoyed the explicit nature of Korn's scene and the passion portrayed. But, at what level does bl cross over into pornography? Is it pornography with an actual plot, great acting and human emotions or is it an explicit bl on a different level? Just asking? I'm still enjoying it and am definitely watching the rest of this series.

After completion:
The production was significantly superior to many bl's. The cinematography, the acting, the music...everything. The only negative was the time skipping. That really got confusing. It felt like the story didn't completely flesh out. I think if I rewatch it I'll probably pull more of the subtle elements of the story together better. Bible and Jes as a couple was a definite winner. I'll always be disappointed that Build was treated so badly and had his career ruined by that mental shank he dated. BOC, however, recovered the pairing with Bible and Jes. Bible seems like an awesome person and I hope the very best for his future. (Had to throw my 2 cents in about the whole Build fiasco.). As I stated, I'll wait a couple weeks then binge watch "4Minutes" again. I definitely think I'll enjoy it more since I know the overall story of the script now.
SO Sultry-ly good!

It gets more exciting after each episode- making me finish this in one day! I love the concept that the 4 minutes are based on. It's very interesting and meaningful at same time.

What I'm impressed is how well executed this is. I was initially worried that I may get confused because of the storyline but it actually is very clear. There are lots of details being shown that helps you connect the dots very easily as long as you follow through each episode closely. It's seriously really good.

The plot twist are amazing! The acting are also very good- not cringey at all. I especially love Jes and Bible here. I also love Korn and Tonkla, despite the ending

NCs are SOOO goood- Be On Cloud really knows what it's doing! Now, what I like is how the NCs are a bonus and not the selling point. We've seen lots of BL that just gave you NC with crap story, this is NOT one of those

This is seriously so high quality on all levels. 8 episodes are perfect, anything more would be draggy, althou I'll totally take a special episode to watch more Jes and Bible!
Another great one from Be On Cloud but this is NOT A ROMANCE.

WARNING : NO SPOILERS But some mild comments which will be separated by lines from the rest of the review.

There was no way they could have given this series a satisfactory ending if not for that one. Although it's bittersweet and a couple of threads could have been better tied up.
One thing I'd like to warn about however is, if you're looking for romance.... this is not the right show. Not that there's not any but it's honestly not the heart of the drama... though they did give some fan service here and there esp. in the final episode in spite of the lack of NC scenes (in the final episode).

____________________________________________

Great was never great but by the time we reached the end of this journey, he had learned to be better. I'm mostly sad for Tonkla, but he crossed a line he should never had. At least Korn redeemed himself though not by choice but because he was driven to it.

____________________________________________

The show was made confusing on purpose and it's one of those that it's better not to know anything about before you start, but at the same time, that confusion is probably what the character we mostly follow felt.

"Why Don't You Stay" was my favorite song in Kinnporsche so it was pretty nice to hear it sung in another voice in the final episode.
Overall a great watch. I personally don't mind NC scenes as long as there's no violence involved ( BDSM or whatever is a BIG NO), some are relatively graphic so it might have hurt some people's sensitivities but personally I watched it for the story so whether there were NC scenes or not didn't make a difference... though I do think some of the earlier scenes with Tonkla felt too gratuitious.

Honestly, I still feel a bit overwhelmed, so I don't know how to write anything coherent apart from that I loved that show from its very first minute and that it kept me on the edge of my seat throughout its 8 weeks long run.
I have nothing but praise for the actors and for the whole crew who worked on this little gem which are SO SO SO RARE in Thai BLs.

Bible delivered but I was confident he'd pull it off, but Jes, Fuaiz, and Bas were nice discoveries. I'll keep on following their next projects whether they act together again or not.
You need to be completely immersed in the story

This series hits me harder than I expected. I was completely immersed in it as if I was living it, just finished now the last episode and I don't know exactly what to feel yet. Definitely my FAVORITE thai series right now.

The plot is really cool and interesting, but you NEED to pay 100% attention all the time, it's this kinda show that have lot of little details that you may think doesn't matter but trust me, it matters!
It's different from the usual I guess. Not many people like this kinda show because may seems confused, sometimes I was confused too but in a good way of experience. The direction did a great job, I'm really impressed and completely in love with everything about 4 Minutes, the photography is so perfect. People complain about being too dark but to me that fits perfectly with the atmosphere of the series, I can understand if you think that's it's a bad point but to me it's not.

The acting of Bible was insane! I have no words to express what I felt, Bib was PERFECT as Great. In general I think the cast did a amazing job, I really felt. That guy that did Ton Kla was insanely good too, his eyes was completely on the character, he made Ton Kla so real! Spotlights on him!
Now to me that one who did Win was kinda off sometimes, feels weird. He wasn't bad but side with Ton Kla he wasn't good though.

About the chemistry, Great and Tyme was FIRE! Stunning! I loved! Definitely good partners, both was really nice on the characters. Loved everything about. Ton Kla and Win, felt so not cool but had chemistry, idk exactly what to say about them, just weird to me how Win became "close" to Ton Kla. Now about Korn and Ton Kla, yeah had chemistry too but I didn't like Korn in the beginning, he was bad but it's okay because Ton Kla is also bad and crazy and we loved it LOL
Now that dude and that girl, wasn't that random and off like some people are saying, chill guys, they're cute and just that, relax.

The ending was definitely surprised. I was expecting lot of differents endings but this yeah let me without words. I don't know how I feel yet to be honest.
This show hits really harder when youre struggling with maladaptive daydreaming, that's my case, insane, got me really drowning. That's interesting to me. Need to think a lot.

What I loved the most:
- Acting (Great, Ton Kla and Korn) was definitely on point!
- Atmosphere really deep and dark, immersive.
- Photography!!!! Cheff kiss mwah

What I didn't like:
- I felt like something is missing on the last episode but I can't say what, just have a feeling.
- Sometimes, the way that some scenes was switching was off and confuse in not a good way.
- That guy who did Ton Kla was a minor when did the sex scenes, that's definitely NOT COOL ok BOC!

Plus: They should have put this on GLOBAL Viki rakuten! Didn't get why just few country and differents streaming services...
Strong start average finish

4Minutes actually started out great but the last 2 episodes were not impressive. There are a few unanswered questions and the final episode has a few confusing moments which don't make sense unfortunately or at least they were quite ambiguous and just leave the audience to fill the gap.

I ended up starting the sultier version and it is definitely graphic. There is partial nudity especially involving a minor (at the time of shooting) so it is good that there is a censored version as well. Watch whatever you are most comfortable with.

I rarely watch BLs but the plot summary and title were what intrigued me. I enjoy mysteries and it was definitely fun trying to decipher the clues in each episode before the clarity of the situation finally hits. So that's where it started to be less enjoyable. There are a few editing issues that didn't make sense but don't affect the plot. I was still surprised these things weren't caught.

The show really was a 9/10 for me midway so I expected a strong finish but sadly they were unable to deliver. I felt disconnected from some of the characters by the end because their actions/reactions seemed strange. And some characters don't have the chemistry we were expecting so it feels unbelievable. It is sad because they really could have done well if they covered all their bases and hadn't skipped crucial moments and elaborated things further. I feel disappointed because I had higher hopes but it is worth watching for the suspense.
So amazing, but the last episodes were weak

This show is definitely worth watching. I loved the plot that just kept you on your toes, and the amount of theories I created was not healthy. I just felt like the last two/three episodes were in stark contrast to the rest of the show and much weaker.

Positives:
- Bible's acting! He was once again just convincing, natural, and just truly a great actor
- The plot. The writing of the plot progression was super interesting, how they kept dropping hints and kept us guessing. The characters were also super interesting, especially how they were morally grey, flawed, and complex.
- The NC scenes. Even though I wasn't the biggest fan of the pairings in this, they're chemistry wasn't AMAZING (but that wasn't the point of the show at all so it's fine), all the NC scenes were full of chemistry, incredibly nuanced, natural, and well-used as storytelling devices. Probably my favourite NC scenes ever.

Negatives:
- The last two/three episodes. The dialogue felt off/forced. The acting suddenly felt unnatural. They tried to wrap up/explain the previous plot in a way that made it feel silly, that dissolved all this great tension they'd previously built in an insignificant way. Truly am a bit disappointed.

All in all, still an amazing series. Maybe not that much rewatch value since it lives off the plottwist. Truly could've been a 10 star if they'd kept up the theme with the last episodes.
This review may contain spoilers
Interesting...

((MAJOR SPOILERS))


First things first I want to applaud this show for being probably one of the few that actually has me hooked till the end in these past months I’ve watched BL, it wasn’t that hard to finish, I think the fact that it has 8 episodes which is a perfect amount plays a part too, because god… 12 episodes is so much and a lot of shows have that amount so they really stretch out the story to the point it gets boring midway. But this show had me hooked, I think the way they made each episode flow was very helpful too. They made sure to confuse the fuck out of everyone in each episode enough to make you wanna continue to the next so your questions can be answered, and trust me if you’ve watched till the last episode, all of your questions will be answered. So there really is no reason why people should be confused. But if you still are, I’m going to explain what this story was about in my words. If there’s anything I misinterpreted or missed then I’ll take the blame lol. But so far what I got was in the first couple of episodes it shows Great and his experiences, at first it shows him living that 4 minutes life, but in reality he’s really in the hospital having a near death experience, then between the middle it shows more info about other characters and then it shows the reality of Great, so basically what Great actually experienced, where he actually runs over the girl and all that. Towards the end it shows Tyme and his near death experience, and he was also experiencing the same thing as Great in the sense of the 4 minutes and such. Then at the end they recover and live happily. So what is there to unpack here? This whole show was based on 2 people who were experiencing a near death experience, and once you’re dying I guess you just relive what you’ve experienced, any guilt or regret you have will transform into the opposite in your brain, that’s why Great could see 4 minutes into the future and basically fix his mistakes, and that’s why Tyme had a whole different life with Great during his 4 minute experience, he had a good relationship with Great and they were dating. But in their actual reality, Tyme didn’t have the best relationship with Great and he treated him pretty badly, so when Great got shot, that guilt stayed with him. And Great regretted running over the girl, and also “helping” or not doing anything to stop Title from killing Dome and more interactions or decisions. So this whole near death experience was a way for the brain and body to cope with the regrets of life and they kind of created their own reality that’s why both Great and Tyme have a whole different view/perspective on how they met and the experiences they had together, but the reality isn’t even close to what they both created. Thankfully both survived and lived to what seems to be happy (YAY), everything seemed to be resolved. Sadly Dome, Korn, and Tonkla passed away. Honestly, they all deserved better. And the fact that Korn killed himself after Tonkla died makes this an even more depressing love story between them. And poor Dome, he was so innocent and kind based on what we saw. He didn’t do anything. And the cop Win, idk I did ship Tonkla and Korn but I first saw Fuaiz (Tonkla) and JJay (Win/Cop) in DFF (Dead Friend Forever) and they were a couple there so this is what I was kind of hoping would happen here too. But I guess in either shows do they have a happy ending T-T. Poor JJay. But yeah this is pretty much it, I also have to applaud those NC scenes, omg… it was giving KinnPorsche. But nothing beats KinnPorsche. Anyway, the only things I would switch about this show is probably making it a little less confusing for the viewers, I like the fun in looking forward to the next episode but they really had me confused for a couple episodes until the end where I was like “OHHHH”. And I guess include a little more romance in it, I know this is a specific genre and the romance is there, but just a tiny bit more would make this show a little more enjoyable. But overall pretty good. In my opinion, this show is good to watch once, I probably will never rewatch, but to give it a try, I will for sure recommend.
This was sooo good!

I really liked this drama, already watched twice to wrap my head truly around it. I like a good drama bl or not, and a bl that does to need all tropes to be successful. This was thought provoking about redemption and trying to get it right.
The actors were excellent in making the characters pull us in, great job. When you hurt for a character, even if they are flawed, you know they have done their job. This may not be for everyone, this is not the fluffy love story, you need to think. I would say the rewatch factor is high, not just for nc scenes, but the story.
Confusing, but somewhat gripping

It was a really great watch - to begin with. And then in the gap from episode 5-6, it was like a whole different storyline was happening for no reason, and even when the reason was revealed later on I still didn't understand a thing. It's too hard to differentiate between the timelines, and I only binge watched this over 2 days, so if you leave gaps between the episodes, you'll come back to it like "ok, what the hell is going on now?". If they'd simplified the 4 minutes thing, it could have been a 9 or 10.
I really didn't grasp what the 4 minutes were, how they happened, why they happened - any of it (maybe I'm just dim?), which ruined it for me.

But the acting was amazing (the BRAVERY of them to do those things on camera, especially young Fuaiz... he's in the wrong job, if you get me...). Bas was a BL revelation - from bodyguard to boss.

(As a side note, when I saw JJay with facial hair on Insta, I thought "nah", but on tv and without makeup or anything he actually suits it better than most!)
This review may contain spoilers
huh?

This might be one of the most peculiar and disturbing compilation of ads
that I've ever had the dubious pleasure to click through on double speed
while praying that a triple speed option would magically appear on the video playback speed controller.
I mean, such an unabashed waste of talent, time, energy and money has to be illegal.

Standing ovation on the underage sex scenes. Well done, Entertainment Industry. Here's your cookie.

With all the money that was poured into this...cinematic creation, they surely could have put dozens of kids from underprivileged backgrounds through med school. Twice.

And now I'm just sitting here gnawing on my nails worried-sick Charlie Kaufman might actually faint from all the laughter and would have to get hospitalized if he ever happens to watch this. Or from all the crying. Maybe both.
What if he has enough unwasted bad karma and this actually happens?
What would the Wachowski sisters think? LMAO

Ryan Gosling once mentioned the "two for them one for yourself" rule..... My hopeful guess is - for the one whose nickname does not correlate all too well with this abomination of a storytelling, this has to be the one FOR THEM. Also, could these THEY finally leave the grannies alone, please pretty please? Haven't the grannies suffered enough? Just stop it already. Better yet, to paraphrase an old song: leave the grannies and the kids alone!! And the cats, ok?

Emm, let's see:
the Durex's money could have been gone as the intimacy choreographer's wage, naturally.
the Cat Food's and the Sunscreen's money combined - as the medical advisor's wage, deservedly.
(loooved how they thoroughly transcribed all the medical terms. very important! educational! please forgive my sarcasm)
But then something must have gone TERRIBLY WRONG in the writers' room.
Because, surely, they only had money left for the cheap counterfeit vodka for a fuel, and the deadline was yesterday. Oh boy, that must have been tough: counterfeit vodka can make one do\write things, looking back one might not be so proud of.....

Ok then, sounds pretty plausible to me.
Or at least just as plausible as all the nappy marrow that went down within these longest ever 4 minutes.
Hopefully I might be able to unsee it with a heavy dose of baby elephants vids.
Fingers crossed.
yeah, that's what i thought you'd do [slightly derogatory]

I came into this show knowing I loved about half the creatives and hated about half the creatives, so it was always going to be a best-of-times-worst-of-times situation for me. I was, honestly, pleasantly surprised where we ended up! High production values and an interesting concept will get you quite far, and 4Minutes had both in spades--plenty enough to cover some fumbling of plot lines and moderately lackluster romance. Though I think in the end I enjoyed the concept of this series more than the actual series itself, I am going to send out tweets telling me "when it's finished" friends to pick up... so. I guess they got me there!

-The Full Review-

STORY:
Sammon, Sammon, Sammon... It's always the same shit with you, isn't it? Women bleeding from their pregnancy-related-illnesses, a solid attempt at "medical accuracy." awkward/stiff romance in all the strangest places, and an ending that never quite manages to kill enough of it's darlings to stick the landing. And illegal casinos, now, I guess? I'm being rude.
I think 4Minutes is actually quite a bit stronger than Dead Friend Forever and tighter than Manner of Death. While the ending still dragged, I think there was an attempt to really bring all the pieces full circle that improved the quality of the series overall. I loved the concept a lot, and felt that there was a reasonably good use of the 4Minutes concept throughout the narrative, the strongest being in the earlier episodes.
That said, I think pacing and execution was quite sloppy. The first four episodes were full of intrigue and suspense. but the later episodes didn't keep pace conceptually as the action sped up. The 4Minutes touchstones were lost to a lot of montage and time skips that made it difficult to stay invested in the time-bending narrative. I ended up feeling much more connected to the characters on the grounded timeline.

ACTING:
Well, there's no coy way to say it. I think Fuaiz and Bas stole the show entirely--but I don't think it was entirely their doing. Everyone in this show is at worst a competent actor and at best really quite an interesting performer. However, the structure of the story was much kinder to the characters in "reality," in terms of audience connection and the ability to build character.
Fuaiz and Bas had very traditional character arcs. We get an initial impression of their characters, and then slowly the plot reveals the layers of their psyche. For Fuaiz, I loved the balance of how cold and calculating he tries to be over top the much more unstable distress. The way he broke and then smoothed over the pain was heart-wrenching and won me over immediately. For Bas, the struggle between his responsibilities was not quite so intriguing to me... until it built to breaking point in the final episode. Really beautifully raw emotion coming through with very little dialogue.
For Jes and Bible... I was less impressed. I was surprised, because I loved Bible as Vegas. But the shift between Great's 4Minutes ideal reality, reality as we know it, Tyme's 4Minutes reality, and the new normal... really lost their characters along the way and the romance with it. They felt less dimensional and less stable as characters over time, not more real. The performances in any given moment were solid, but they didn't add up to a coherent character. It was... a little flat.
For the stand out ensemble I am going to take a minute to once again bitch that Be On Cloud is absolutely Wasting Jet by using him in these one-dimensional villain characters. I watched all of the Hidden Character and I fell absolutely in love with rendition of Porsche and I want to see that actor again. Stop punishing him for a bad choice in partner a year ago and give him something to work with!

PRODUCTION:
Gorgeous, as always, though not quite on par with Kinnporsche. I think the stand out moments of this series were the moments when reality and the 4Minute experience begin to blend. The snatches of spot-the-difference were beautifully chosen and very alluring. Unfortunately, some of the other shots got a little muddled and confusing--some of the darkness too dark and unstructured to be clear, some of the effects in the dream scene nauseating, and some of the choices a bit cute for the kind of production they were having. These weren't overly offensive though.
The only two choices I really disliked were the stupid stuffed animals (no one should take GMMTV's lead in shoving blatant merch opportunities into their series) and the use of Why Don't You Stay. Leave what is special to each production where it is. You've gone above and beyond to differentiate this from Kinnporsche and separate the cast from what they were in that series.... the cover was a misstep (and quite poorly sung).

INTIMACY:
Ok. The NC scenes were realistic and artistic. I enjoyed the way we were introduced to characters and their personalities through their sex scenes! I think there was clear purpose and choice for the degree of explicitness these scenes were shot with and I think they really pulled them off well in that regard. I hope that, despite Pond seemingly awarding himself the title intimacy director with no training, these shoots were a positive experience for the cast.
That said,,, They weren't hot LOL??? That's the best way I can think to phrase my complaint. Despite such a degree of explicitness and nakedness, very few of these scenes had a good sense for chemistry and connection. The plot was clear, the choices and conflict was clear, but the connection wasn't really happening in the moment. The pacing and framing always stumbled in a way that prevented them from being great. It feels like a step backwards, if I am being honest.

In all, I knew I was going to struggle with this show and the show struggled in exactly the places I expected it to. So, if you really like Be On Clouds post-Kinnporsche work or you're a huge Sammon fan... you'll probably have a great time (no pun intended)! If you, like me, don't... I think it's still worth watching and interesting work in it's own right. I think this company is still finding it's footing and discovering it's voice. This was a pretty good attempt!
Wow! I’m glad I binge watched!

This was amazing! Bible’s acting was fabulous, I was worried I’d keep seeing Vegas but how wrong I was. I’m so glad I saved this to binge watch as I would’ve been pulling my hair out having to wait for each episode.
I read the comments before going to watch this and had been worried that the plot may be confusing but I followed along no problem. Loved it!
? Stay ? had me in tears twice! This is definitely going on my rewatch list!
I can’t wait to see the next BOC offering, hopefully with JesBible as their chemistry was fire.
This review may contain spoilers
Challenging but worth it

I didn't want to get too detailed, but okay let me be real I have Thoughts.

The narrative explores the themes of guilt and regret and asks each character to look at their life and choices through the lens of the mysterious moments, the four minutes, between life and death.

What's challenging and provocative, I think, about this series is the non-linear narrative, which appears, at first, very tangled and confusing. However, this series unravels those tangled webs of time and memory and provides us with, in actuality, a very simple story. The non-linear approach effectively shapes that simple story about the follies and sins of its characters into a rumination on the unknowable mysteries of consciousness, memory, and imagination. Using memory as a vector, the series takes moments from its characters' past, connects it to their present, and transposes them into the "4 Minutes" dreamworld: the intangible, fourth-dimensional liminal space between life and death. This space crosses the boundaries of consciousness and imagination itself, with characters reliving past moments, making changes to their own memories and even, seemingly communicating with each other through shared imagination.

One character quantifies this into his "4 Minutes" theory, exploring the idea that these moments between life and death can reveal a person's true character, or at least who they want to be. At the same time, the Real World looms over, telling us that no one can change the past, letting each regret hang over like an executioner's axe. As the series progresses, we're painfully aware that Great couldn't actually do anything to change the events that preceded his near death experience, that his experience in the 4 Minutes was just his regret and imagination at work.

Still, though this is the 'truth' revealed about 4 or 5 episodes in, we're still left with many unknowns about these 4 minutes. Indeed, in a very fitting ending, we're left questioning some aspects of what was real and what was in these 'dreams'. If it was simply "imagination", then why did it seem as though characters learned things they didn't know before? Or seemed as though they were having a shared experience within the 4 minutes?

The series never really aims to answer these questions and so doesn't, because the real heart of the story isn't to give a definitive answer to these mysteries but rather to answer the question of whether, given the chance, a person would change themselves for the better. And so, a change does happen; perhaps Great couldn't change the past, but he could and does change his future, which is, ultimately, what saves his life in the end.
This review may contain spoilers
Phenomenal, but confusing until I “got it”

Starting from episode 1 and beyond, the series kept me intrigued. Later on, the storyline became confusing until I figured out what was going on.… Then my intrigue became sadness, but brightened by the end. Here’s my formula: fantasy, reality, fantasy, reality. Hope it helps.

The acting was phenomenal! I loved Great and Tyme as a couple. The actors’ chemistry was off the charts. Shout out to Jes Jespipat Tilapornputt (as Dr. Tyme). I had never seen his work before; he was top tier in this series. In fact, all the actors were fantastic. Their acting kept me immersed in the show and coming back for more.

The sex scenes are definitely NSFW, but I didn’t feel like they were just thrown in there for ratings. Depending on how they had sex and under what circumstances, I felt these scenes established the emotional and mental state of each of the characters. For example, “Do me raw” indicated (to me) the character’s feelings of worthlessness and guilt with their need to be punished for their “crimes.”

I found the camera angles really interesting. Also, the use of colour throughout was excellent and well thought out. I liked that the support roles had substance and weren’t mere shadows.

I look forward to rewatching this series with an even greater understanding next time. I appreciated the time and effort by the cast & crew that was put into the making of this show. I imagine it was exhausting, but I think it was well worth it!
One of the best gay drama series I have seen!

Fantastic series. Great acting from main cast. Great cinematography. Story had me on edge of my seat. A knockout for any fan of BL drama, I loved this show. It is definitely in my top BL shows of all time. I hope the trend continues for more shows to branch out from typical tropes that hamper other BL shows
Bl of the year goes to 4 minutes the series

BL of the year ?
Wonderful plot, acting, cinematography, costume, everything is top notch.
First time it feels like the plot is actually plotting. This series is not like other typical bl drama, it has its different aura and quality which will attract you and make you crave more and more.
Better than any other BL I have watched

4 Minutes is really a cut above the BLs I have seen before. Indeed, as a casual BL fan, I never imagined I would create an account here and post a review. But here we are!

The show sets itself up quickly. Despite the synopsis, this is really the story of two hot, young rich brothers: Twinky 'Great' and hunky 'Korn'. The bros' lives are turned upside down almost immediately as the series starts. Korn, because he finds out his parents' business is not simply the respectable freight and shipping company it seems to be. Great, on the other hand, realises he can see exactly 4 minutes into the future. (Or can he?)

Now we are ready for the super-fun, dark, twisty and sexy romp to commence. What sets 4 Minutes apart is that it actually stands its ground as a very solid, if implausible (and the best ones are) crime thriller, part gritty, part glamorous. The characters' personalities make sense, and their decisions are believable, given the extraordinary situations they find themselves in. The pacing is, uniquely for a BL, suitably fast, even propulsive at times.

The acting, directing, editing and set design make your typical BL look like first-year drama school productions by comparison. The show also avoids some of the more irritating, common BL tropes. The bad guy goons are not universally incompetent, for example. (Though their masters still spend an inordinate amount of time drinking posh spirits.) The bottoms are not all wide-eyed virgins - they are even on PrEP and beg for it raw!

The supernatural element is also devised and deployed with great care, maturity and sophistication. Some have complained that some plot elements remain frustratingly vague and confusing. But, for me that works, because it serves to advance the ambiguity around the nature of Great's seemingly magical ability.

Lastly, the 'NC' - I still have no idea what that acronym stands for - scenes. Wow! These are sexy and hot, but not at all gratuitous. They serve the plot very well. My only gripe. they are edited in such a way that the tops appear to climax within a couple of minutes of penetration. That is not how it is supposed to work, lads!

We will have to wait and see whether the writers are able to bring all the various threads of 4 Minutes' plot together satisfactorily in the conclusion. But, even if they don't, the ride will have been worth it. I cannot wait for the next episode! Just watch this drama!
confusing plot, bad chemistry, bad acting, too much NC scene

confusing plot, bad chemistry, bad acting, too much NC scene
up until this momment i write this review, there is no one that really explain to me what is the 4minutes plot. i guess not all people get the storyline. its look like the title 4 minutes its not match with the storyline. everything doesnt make any sense.
the main couple face too look a like, both look like brother than a lover so its very hard to imagining them together as a lover. the chemistry is 0. their nc scene is meh for me. not adding any plot and no chemistry at all. the main couple storyline is too force, flat and blend. no dinamic. after all i dont like it at all.
This review may contain spoilers
First Impression

This show is going to be FANTASTIC. I already knew this show was going to be great just from watching the trailer but, so far for this being the first episode....this show is unbelievably amazing. The concept alone is amazing...not to mention the cinematography is absolutely stunning along with the plot and cast. I can just tell this show is going to be a rewatch for me once it's finished.


Alongside the NC scene...it is an absolute masterpiece already. The side-couple....yeah, you heard me THE SIDE-COUPLES NC scene is so fantastic and intense that I'm sitting on the edge of my seat waiting for the next episode on Friday
could have been a 10/10

Overall: although I enjoyed the beginning, things unraveled for me. 8 episodes about 1 hour each. Aired on GagaOOLala uncut: https://gagaoolala.com/en/videos/4688/4minutes-2024 (except Thailand, Japan, Korea); iQIYI uncut https://www.iq.com/album/4minutes-sultrier-version-2024-1zc6sune8fl?lang=en_us and cut version https://www.iq.com/album/4minutes-2024-1h7yndte6zx?lang=en_us (Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Spain, United Kingdom and United States); Viu with some countries having the cut version (Thailand, Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Macau, Myanmar, Singapore); Rakuten TV in Japan and Heavenly in South Korea. The cut version has NSFW shortened/cut and also cuts out some plot as well.

Content Warnings: most content warnings, it has some very dark/graphic parts in it

What I Liked
- mystery element
- grey characters
- use of the number 4 or things adding up to 4
- production value* (includes cinematography, use of color as symbolism, props to represent things)

Room For Improvement
- not a fan of a flash forward (or back) as a hook for a series
- there were too many characters/plot to fully develop them all, also pacing
- misleading trailer, it felt that a different character is the main lead instead of a character people were led to believe
- tricking the audience, not a fan of how that was done
- sweet moments that didn't actually happen
- cliched plot stuff
- no reason why a character had a girlfriend, I couldn't support a romance because it was built to not be a romance
- cringey guitar playing/serenading
- *many scenes were too dark to see the actors' faces or even what was happening, even for scenes at night they need to put light on their faces
- nonsense stuff: I can't comment on all of the medical things and their realism, but I highly doubt any surgeon would spin his medical implements before/during a surgery, that seemed to be a ton of papers for a small clipboard in ep 1, an investigator who didn't wear gloves at a crime scene, in ep 4 a character oddly didn't wear a mask when he should have
- Be On Cloud decided to sell it to a company where it is only airing in 8 countries (and perhaps 2 more) and then had the gall to not respond anywhere to questions about the remaining 180+ countries but instead posted about how to only watch it via official channels, I don't mind companies needing money to get things made but they should have been clear about where and the why (update: after 5 weeks they had an actual international release and the reason was likely money/maybe they couldn't say their whole release plan due to a contract but it still was bad to not have an official platform for 180+ countries for 5 weeks)

Note About an Actor's Age (I didn't take off points for this but as an fyi 1 actor was likely 17 when he filmed several very explicit scenes, age of majority in Thailand is 20)
- it's valid to feel uncomfortable with a 17 year old actor doing explicit scenes and to not watch this series
- it's valid to feel fine with a 17 year old actor who voluntarily agreed to do explicit scenes (and had his parents' permission) and watch/enjoy this series
- everyone gets to make that decision for themselves, I hold no judgement either way for this example, personally I am watching the series but I'm not re-watching that actor's NC scenes
This review may contain spoilers
This Drama Owns Me Child Support

See, now this is why you should always throw salt over your shoulder whenever you see a black cat. I blame whoever gave Tonkla that cat. Also, Dafug was up with that finale? *Bombastic side-eye*

That being said, whoever choose to end the series with that KinnPorsche song should be beaten, and left in disneyland on their birthday. Dafug?? The moment that song played, I was pulled out of this series and into KinnPorsche, reminiscing about that instead of going through the motions of this drama. That decision was just the worst!

Anyway, this show was a series of me going, Dafug is going on?!? Where are we peoples? Who is driving this thing? I am confusion. WHAT universe/timeline are we in? And what's up with Tonkla always wanting it raw banana no wrapper? I don tire! I am going to sleep!

See, at first, I was like: 'Now how we gonna explain that unholy first episode couch scene to our ancestors on judgement day? Cuz most of y'all going to hell for using that replay button ^^.' But after episode 4, I was screaming 'Forgive me father for I have sinned!' Lord have mercy, what is Be On Cloud doing to us?? SIR! SIRS! THIS IS A DRIVE THRU!?!?!

No, but how the eff am I supposed to function in the society as a calm human after being exposed to all that butt and sounds and Win's junk and Tymes stroke game? These people have no respect for our mental health whatsoever, and frankly, I respect that XD.

Listen, Imma need everyone who worked on this to give me child support, and like two weeks worth of therapy, cuz I'm pretty sure you can get pregnant from watching this. Trust me, you can, I'm a doctor, i got my certificate from Temu, the same place the doctors in this show must have gotten theirs (No, but seriously, did these people go to med school or am I tripping?) Tyme tying his own robe after cleaning his hands, that one doctor telling Great where to find Tyme while he was having an operation??? HUH?? Then they made Tyme a professional doctor, LMAO good luck to his patients I guess.

PLOT:
This show had me convinced me and my two remaining brain cells had the same IQ as Einstein. Which was saying something, cuz on a good day, I can barely remember how to tie my shoelace. No, but, I went through so many theories in my head. Was this a flash-point sort of situation, a continuum or a parallel universe? Episode 4 had me in a chokehold. Headshots, backshots, alternative universe? I felt so lost, but also so intrigued with million questions. I was still picking my jaw from the floor two days later.

Then, THEN, after all that. This was the ending we got?? Literally how? This drama feels like a very delicious bag of caramel popcorn I enjoyed, only for the last piece to taste like burnt sugar. Like a perfect delicious five-course meal ruined by a tasteless creme brûlée.

That ending was not it. It was such a buzzkill.
1. Were Korn and Tonkla that in love? We met them as secret lovers, sure they seemed in love in the flashback, but they both cheated, and functioned without each other. Korn was ready to take Great and disappear, and didn’t even fight Tonkla when he threw his sorry arse out. Plus he only ever seem to remember him when he's his last resort. So how in the world would they take the ‘Until We Meet Again’ Romeo and Juliet way out? I’m just gonna comfort myself by saying he didn’t want to go to jail. Cuz like… aint no effing way.
2. So if Great and that woman got this 4minutes thing by going to that art show, how did Tyme get it?
3. How did that Dean? doctor knew that Tyme was living in 4minutes timeline and shouted for him to come out?
4. Great turned himself in for helping Dome. Did he do the same for leaving that woman in the beginning to die when he drove off? From my understanding he’ll get no prison time, cuz reasons? (Also, what happened to that woman he drove over, wasn’t she doing some dark curses stuff? did the writers forget that plot?)
5. So Great's parent are going to jail or fled the country?
6. So Win couldn't do anything to stop Korn huh?
7. Do they really expect us to believe, Tonkla who was going around killing people for revenge, and killing using Win so he'd do him raw will jump in front of a bullet for him? I doubt he did it for Korn, cuz he knew Great was Korn's brother and how hurt he would be if he killed Great, and he still attempted that... so why the eff did he suddenly jump between them?
7. Literally, what the eff was up with that ending? (even their happy ending felt flat.)

Sure with 8 episode they were limited, but the explanation to that whole 4minutes thing was all over the place. Seems like everyone and their mama could get this 4minutes thing. The bad guy was taken care of behind the scenes, and have a loving daughter. His parent fled but he's working to get them caught? The finale felt rushed and not in a good way. And the WORST PART was choosing to end this series on a KinnPorsche song. So out of place and such a buzzkill.

Anyway, good plot, some holes that needed filling, rushed ending, but it made me think, and it was fun coming up with theories, so I enjoyed the show nonetheless.

CHARACTERS.
This show had a great cast who knew what they were doing. I came in expecting TymeGreat, but Tonkla somehow stole the show in the first episodes. Literally, he shot the main lead and I was like… oh, it was you…? it’s alright baby, run before they catch you. Drink some water, you must be tired carrying that heavy weapon.

Also, this show was having a buy one get four free special on red flags. Tyme was a code Red. Of course, so was Great, Korn, Tonkla, Win, and basically every character on the show. It was like they were allergic to being nice people. Which of course made for a good show, cuz although I was cheering for some of them, I was prepared to accept whatever ending they got. Happy or sad,

Bible and Jes did great as leads, glad I wasn't one of those delulus who acted like someone stepped on their grandmothers' toes when they were paired. I liked GREAT, Bible played him very well, both when he was acting nice and when his real character came out. I found him so interesting as a morally grey character. He was neither good nor bad, just seemed to be living and doing things that mostly benefited him. TYME was more dark than grey, cuz some of the decision he made were very very questionable. I would not trust him to be my doctor if he was the only one available in the ER. I'll probably go in with a headache and come back with tetanus or something.

I’m not sure how I feel that they ended up together, but I’m glad they have each other. Great has at least one family now. But then again, perhaps they deserve to end up together. I mean, Great choose Tyme over his brother in both timelines, when he’d literally just attempted to knife him. Also killed his mother off in his fake world. And Tyme recorded their intercourse and posted it all over the internet, and Great still gave him those poppy eyes… so… love amirite? Such sweet nonsense.

Speaking of Raw. TONKLA, boy, damn! This is literally him in every episode.

MEN: What's your favourite colour.
TONKLA: Triangles. So, you wanna do me raw?
*Durex Condom has entered the chat* #productplacement

Homeboy was such a wreck.
- His dad was a bum: (who he straight up shoved down the stairs and murdered)
- His cat dead. (Then turned into an evil cat who meowed him into committing murders) invest in salt people.
- His boyfriend kept him a secret. (Then he cheated on him, and attempted to kill his brother. That confession scene though, my boy was like, yeah I did stuff, so what. what is yous gonna do, huh?)
- His brother got his head smashed in and died. (I'm still wondering how he heard his brother calling him. Was he also in the 4minutes? just how many people were messing with the timeline. Probably why there's always so much traffic ^^)
- He got shot and killed while trying to save the policeman he’d be effing/cheating with, causing his secret ex-boyfriend? to blow his head and die with him. (Literally, are people ever that in love or am I feeling this whole love thing wrong?)

Anyway, Tonkla had a lot of problems, like damn Sharon, leave some of the struggle for the other characters. He was so on, but his character was very interesting. I liked him, and he was carrying the show the first 4 episode. His back must have been constantly hurting though, carrying his role and taking those backshots....fine, I'll see myself out.

Win used this police statues to get some bedroom action, which made him no better than the rest. When he said he wanted to move in with Tonkla, I was like, what? why? dude just…then in the end he was acting all hurt. Like how did you think this was gonna end? Seriously though, Win's ding-dong was really just out there--like--I saw it right? I'm not delulu and blind? Am I just tripping?

Anyway, this show was doing too much and not enough at the same time. There were a lot of NC scenes, and side stories, that it took so long for us to understand the plot. Well, I’m still not sure I fully understand it all. 8 episodes was not enough for this sort of plot-line to be properly executed to perfection. If they had more time, I'm sure this would have been great, instead of just good. I wish we had more episodes to flash out the storyline.

So yeah, good show, great cast, but the it felt rushed and the ending didn't live up to the hype. I’ll recommend it though, cuz it’s a very enjoyable drama and would have you pulling your hair in the episodes where nothing made sense. I'm gonna add this to my most fav dramas of the year along with Unknown, My Stand-In, Meet You At The Blossom and Century of Love.

I’m looking forward to the casts’ next work, they were a joy to watch.
script and quality

BL OF THE YEAR (until now ??
I think BL delivered everything and more in this first episode, we had quality and a production of another level (which was already expected), the cast of millions and the perfect performance from everyone.
I loved the effect when the Bible went backwards in time (4 minutes) and still managed to run over the woman anyway (but it was destiny).
We as blzeiros won a lot today, because this work is incredible and only increases the level of bls (as the next ones can become, if they have quality and a good production).
Looking forward to knowing what will happen in the next episodes (because this series promises to deliver everything and more), stay tuned.
This review may contain spoilers
Great Tyme Continuum

Hello, I'm Great! No, I don’t mean I'm doing great (have you seen the show?), but that I am Great! Ummm… no, I'm not saying I'm a great person (have you seen the show?), but my name is Great! Oh… I give up. I’m the crazy cat lady. Happy?

Anyway, what did you make of me and my story? Wasn’t it fun? Admittedly, it isn’t fun to die Tyme and Tyme again for your entertainment, but you knew I was going to live, didn’t you?

I’m grateful to my creators for putting me in one of the *greatest* bodies out there, on whose head not a strand is out of place, and whose body Adonis and Antinous would envy. They also seem to have had a big budget, which they mostly spent on interior design porn, and renting cars from the Fast and the BiCurious outlet mall. *I* have no objections. I do wish the writers had been paid more… Because I really don’t understand who I am, and what has been happening to me. I also didn’t know *how* to feel about what was happening, but fortunately, the background music was always at hand to tell me.

Since I’m now alive — I’m not sure, this might be a Black Mirror kind of situation — I have been lurking around the forums online to find out the truth. I’ve pretty impressed by the hard work of the “fandom”. There are some good theories out there. But I’m still not sure I understand. (I'm a bit thick, you see, but thickness, like size, matters.)

***Ignore the following three paragraphs if pressed for time, or to avoid "plot" details. ***

What I’m most confused about is perspective. So, when I was going into cardiac arrest -- as were Tyme and Tonkla and everyone else who’s ever been shot it would seem -- I had four comatose minutes during which I could see four (?) consequential moments where I could have chosen a less evil path. Fun. I love guilt-tripping. Some, including my maker, Sammon, argue that each of these moments is a pathway to an alternate “reality”, but my physicist friend assures me that this is not how the many-universe theory works. (There, reality splits every measurable moment, because quantum decoupling happens every measurable moment. Besides, neither the heart nor the brain are quantum systems, but... never mind.) Also, can an unconscious person see? Or hear? Or feel? Isn't that an oxymoron? I, for one, certainly don't remember any of it! Before you accuse me of being pedantic, know that Sammon prides herself on her scientific and philosophical sophistication. But the most existential question for me is this: once we do enter this liminal space, and 'choose' an alternate 'reality', what happens to the reality we leave behind? Do I die? Am I dead? Am I Bruce Willis in that movie?

Now, there is also that whole other storyline involving online gambling, TonKla, Korn, Win, and Nan. I know you didn't care for any of it, but bear with me. Did *I* see that too? Did Tyme? Or were their storylines alone real all the time? Are my parents good or bad? If good, why did I see what I did? If bad, why did Tyme see what he did? Fine, let's allow that my perspective and that of an omniscient narrator can co-exist. But then, didn’t TonKla’s dead brother show up at one random point? More confusingly, if the four minutes represent opportunities where deaths could have been prevented, didn’t other deaths happen anyway? Are some lives more worth than others? I mean, I know my beautiful body is worth more than Tyme’s grandmother’s life, or that bastard TonKla's, but still… Am I the asshole? Or is the universe fatalistic all the same, and our subjunctive possibilities mere hallucinations? If so, what’s the fucking point of all this?

Of course, Tyme is still in a huff about the fact that *his* perspective got half a measly episode, but mine got six! Poor TonKla, he fared even worse! While we’re at it, what in crazy cat lady’s name was that last episode all about? I'm so confused, and I don’t know why my creators were in such a hurry to wrap things up. I don't even understand why I'm still alive, and why Tyme's still alive, but not my brother. Why did he have to kill himself? Don't we all have blood on our hands? Also, who chooses these realities for us? Sammon? If so, why choose these, and not one in which my story actually makes sense? As I said, the writers should have been paid more, if they were paid at all. But then, all those “cute” moments between me and Tyme — it satisfied you lot, didn’t it? How many of you screamed at the last shot? Good, I’m happy for you. I'm happy for us too. Not for my brother, though.

*** Here endeth knowledge. ***

I know some of you thought my sex scenes with Tyme were a tad on the soft side. Listen, I know my body, and the fact that I was listening to Limp Bizkit all of next day is no coincidence. Tyme is a Great lover, and he bore his arse out for you: be Greatful. But I will admit, that bastard TonKla stole the show from me. Never trust a power bottom. Were you really surprised when he shot me, and revealed his face in the campest way possible? I’d say I’m glad he’s dead, but, I’d still love to have had a Great Tyme with him and Win and Korn. And yes of course I'd have sex with my murderer if he's hot enough -- ask any self-respecting gay man. Besides, you all saw a flash of JJay's p-JJ, didn't you? How many times did you go back, freeze the frame, and thought to yourself, "I've become my mother"?

Oh, one last thing. Why 4 minutes, you ask? It is, apparently, the length of time it would take for consciousness to fade after the heart stops, during which, you can enter an alternate dimension, alternate reality, alternate universe, or whatever else is alternate. That’s what the last-minute narrator -- where the fuck did she come from? -- says. Turns out, not possible. Anoxia induces loss of consciousness in 6 seconds, and inflicts permanent brain damage within 2 minutes. (You should have seen the first draft of this review. There are parts of my brain to which I no longer have any access.) So, I can only guess that my creators were listening to Madonna on repeat on Spotify as they fell asleep (or while doing cocaine), and concluded, with Mr. Timberlake, there were only 4 minutes left to save the world…

Reader's Digest:
DO SAY: In Search of Lost Tyme
DON'T SAY: The Great Catsby
the masterpeice

If german has dark
if america has breaking bad
if korea has mouse
if spain has the invisible guest
then thailand has 4 minutes (the masterpeice )
this is not only the best bl but also the best series from thailand and one of the bests from asia in my opnion .
people hating on this and saying it is only s*x should better go and watch their nonsense cringy bls with the story they they may haved watched it in more than 100 shows .
the s*x scenes were the best ever seen in a bl drama ,not even westerns can make a scene like this .
Picking up shredded paper

I never want to watch a show where I'm completely lost episode to episode again. This was just some pretty faces slapped under very overwhelmingly underwhelming 8 weeks... I'm not the brightest sunflower in the field, but I've never squinted my eyes and had a frown an entire TV Show in a while.

I only enjoyed a handful of things like the visuals. Colors and scenes were on point to every second. Every scene was a desktop wallpaper.

Now, unfortunately I will have to say something quite controversial. Tonkla carried. His story might be extreme, and to be fair I don't even know if Dome is actually alive because I was under the impression we were watching three different timelines. An altered timeline, the truth, and the desire timeline. Idk maybe I'm too slow. So, does Dome die is all three or what? But Tonkla's story at least had something to look forward to until he was ghosted. Now, I get that people were upset about of course because he's a "supporting role" and he shouldn't have more screentime then the mains, but at least when he was on screen I wasn't falling asleep.

I'm really disappointed in BOC though. Following Bible from KinnPorshe I thought his next character would mean something strong like Vegas was, but instead it made me wish I never was roped into this show in the first place.

Really looking forward to something different, especially with Bible and possibly Jes (they were robbed out of a good execution of a story) but for now all my tomatoes have been thrown.
This review may contain spoilers
Once again BoC is trying too hard

4 Minutes has the exact same problem as DFF: too much time wasted on elements that feel like nothing at the end, and the plot gets dumped and rushed in the last 2 episodes. BoC is again trying too hard to make something different and artistic, without making it enjoyable. We know BoC can make a good show, like KinnPorsche, and we know Sammon can write nice stories that turn into good shows, like Manner of Death. Maybe the problem is BoC and Sammon together.
In terms of acting the highlight is Fuaiz. He’s constantly the best part of every episode. An interesting character played by a good actor. Bas and Bible are good, even though Bas doesn’t have much to do. The same can be said about Job, since his character is basically just there, like his girlfriend. I believe Jes is a good actor, that short film/MV he did with Bible was great, but I didn’t really enjoy him as Tyme, specially toward the second half of the episodes.

This series could work as a binge watch, but I’ll not be trying to test that theory.
Convoluted storytelling, romances fall flat

I don't have much confidence that the finale will save this series, because it has a lot of problems even outside of the hackneyed way it attempts to do things--there's a difference between a challenging, ambiguous narrative and being needlessly opaque/convoluted.
I've got no reason to actually care about any of the main guys or their relationships, partly because of a severe lack of chemistry but mostly because the writing gives me nothing to hold onto (hello, insta love). For the most part, people don't act like people, they act like props. I'm always excited for ambitious Thai BLs trying to up the quality but they've got to find better writers to do it, these actors deserve better.
Edit after final episode: You have to automatically dock any Thai BL score on this site by 2-3 points to get something realistic, and it still holds true here. What in the heck was that. Hard to tell if Bible can't pull off less assertive characters when he's given little to nothing to work with. Skim through the first episode for the NC scene and pass on the rest.
Nothing like KinnPorsche or even DFF

this series was so hyped up for so long and the first couple episodes built up that tension that the finale did not live up to in my opinion. if they had more episodes to draw out the multiple storylines then maybe it wouldn’t have been so confusing and stilted. the concept was there but the execution was severely lacking. I think we all needed more time with the main characters to know who they were then given detailed follow-ups for the really complex plot points. the finale could have been great but they had to pack so much in that it didn’t flow at all.
This review may contain spoilers
Unnecessarily confusing

This is going to piss some people off so if you like the series and have no complaints about it then don't read, if you disagree I don't care, keep it to yourself it's"my" review and "my" opinion, also I'm going to vent a little, with some curses ahead ~~

All good? ... Perfect.

Now, what the fuck was that ?
I binge watched this so it wasn't as confusing to me as - I imagine - to whoever watched it while it was on air, and I have to say I still ended up with too many questions, unnecessary questions about what was real and wasn't, specially for Tonkla-korn relationship.
Direction was all over the place, making everything confusing, story by itself is good, even great and acting was on point even with the questionable characters' morals and behaviours, and sadly that's the only thing I liked about the series, also Den, he was adorable !!! I LOVE HIM!!! MUAH!! He was the best and I loved his interaction with Tyme, cough-even more than with great-cough ??

What I didn't like was somehow all the characters maybe lol I mean they were written in a weird way the only person I felt sorry for was Tyme, Great? Not so much....
I mean Great literally did a hit and run then later they kinda forgot to show his confessing to it IRL and just showed his regret in the 4mins, I know he is sorry and the lady actually committed suicide by jumping in front of him but how would we know now if she actually wanted to die???huh how?? This was all in his 4mins which was led by his feelings and regrets.

so, um, lady, you died, sorry about that I'll just imagine you jumped on purpose and then forget all about it, ok? ?

Now Tonkla revenge? Logically this part was sci-fi lmao I mean anyone with evidences just shows them to anyone, police is big a joke! I mean who in his right mind share sensitive information in the investigation with Normal citizens? Moreover a relative to the dead person? Bitch, please!

What I hated the most was the way the direction went, specially the part where they intentionally showed the real life for Tonkla-korn-Win DURING Great's 4mins, confusing AF unnecessarily!!
Also the reference that the lady who died was the reason for Greats mum death and magically when he let her die he saved his mum but WHAT IS THE PROOF YOU F*CKERS!!!! You just put random connections just like that? Good lord!! ???

Lady, yes you who I killed a few moments ago, hello again, now you would have been the reason to kill my mum so I really am relieved you died!! To save my mum you know? completely logical ~

You see, after everything settles in, and I know it's just a series and fictional and bla bla bla, I just don't like illogical stuff, but ..BUT!! I still think the story was amazing needs some polishing but nonetheless
I know my review doesn't show that, seriously, the story was amazing it could have been much much better, cinematography was Fantastic!! But sadly that doesn't help much when the final product is full of flaws ~
This review may contain spoilers
4 Minutes

I will keep it short simply because I just couldn't get into the story. At times I was lost but did carry on watching the whole series. The acting was good. the script was OK but the MLs.. only my opinion didn't connect for me. Yes the Sex scenes were there in all there glory. Tonkla and Korns sex scene at the beginning was well acted but after that we didn't see them till much later as Korn was playing the field so that turned me right off him. Great and Tyme were the other MLs but nothing really happened between them that stood out. Series could have been a lot better. There were to many storylines to follow for me and at times was a frustrating watch.
Well worth watching to make your own take on the series as to some it was great series.
Result of the combination of good script, acting and staging (First update from the original review)

In 'Manner of Death', 'Triage', 'Dead Friend Forever - DFF', 'Make a Wish' and 'Bite Me' the famous Thai screenwriter Isaree Siriwankulthon (Sammon), reiterates her interest in witnessing the suspense, the alteration of the time, time loop, medical-forensic work, hospital environment, police investigation, kidnapping, murder, slow-burn romance, friendship, family relationships, school and university ecosystem, unjustly accused characters, action, political, police and business corruption, always having homosexual characters as protagonists.
For her part, director and screenwriter Ning Bhanbhassa Dhubthien has demonstrated, through the series 'KinnPorsche' (2022) and the film 'Man Suang', that both film and television language constitute a tool that she can also use at her own discretion taste, and in which, incidentally, you have the possibility of continuing working with your most recurring motifs or thematic interests.
In '4Minutes', the series in which Sammon and Ning join forces for the first time, the actions of the peculiar creatures that populate the creative universe of the Thai author duo remind us of those of some of the protagonists of the aforementioned works, bringing us closer to their characters in a very sensitive, fluid and ethereal way, recording their most banal movements and glances and turning them into revealing moments by transmitting all the intensity of love through tenderness, melancholy and an enveloping atmosphere.
Great, its central star, is one of the most striking characters to emerge from Sammon's imagination: a university student at the Faculty of Business Administration and son of a rich businessman, blessed with a gift that is also a curse, since he has the supernatural ability to know what is going to happen in the future 4 minutes in advance, always and when it affects him.
This power leads him to alter the results of many events, while the memory of what happened visits him again and again in his imagination. Thus, the story restarts from the beginning, over and over again, so the audience will have to pay attention to discover which is reality and which is not.
He a piece of character, very competently defended by Bible Wichapas Sumettikul ('KinnPorsche'), in which it could very well be the most significant role of his still young and promising artistic career, and thanks to which he unleashes fervor among lovers of the Thai dramas, especially LGBT+ themed fans.
He knows it and devotes himself with devotion to building it, polishing it, making it unique, to providing it with an empathy that overflows the screen and allows him to put himself in the viewer's pocket. His acting counterpoint with Jes Jespipat Tilapornputt ('Sassy Player', 2009), - his counterpart in 'Spaceless', a short film directed by Jatuphong Rungrueangdechaphat, also in 2024, and which serves as a letter of introduction to the acting couple - seduces and fascinates. As do the episodes that make up the drama from its beautiful presentation to the no less admirable farewell.
The friendship that develops between Great and Tyme takes them on a journey of discovery and acceptance that explores male vulnerability. However, it is not a simple story of a couple of friends succumbing to love. That is very seen and would be too predictable.
On the other hand, '4Minutes' is a more rounded, absorbing and sentimental story about two young people who find themselves involved in an exciting intrigue in which there will be no shortage of industrial espionage, murder, kidnapping, betrayal, infidelity, unfulfilled promises, political and police corruption, the proximity of death, revenge, score settlements, martial combats, and explicit sexual scenes (completely removed from the universe of pornography) and that provide absolute meaning to the characters' history .
On the other hand, '4Minutes' is a more rounded, absorbing and sentimental story about two young people who find themselves involved in a passionate intrigue in which there will be no shortage of industrial espionage, murder, kidnapping, martial combats, and explicit sexual scenes ( totally removed from the universe of pornography) and that provide absolute meaning to the characters' story.
With this premise, the director manages to develop a deep character study, investigating the existential motivations and experiences that shape them as individual beings but also as people united by an unbreakable bond. Likewise, it explores complicated relationships, social barriers, and depicts more than one gay romance while challenging social norms and embracing the power of love, acceptance, and understanding. It is much more than a simple love story.
Sammon has created a very intelligent script, in which the dialogues are the basis of the story. Through the conversations that Great and Tyme have, two characters emerge like few we have seen. The screenwriter's prose is almost lyrical and manages to capture the realism and naturalness of their relationship, friendly first, then romantic. The viewer is transported into the story, as if he had the two young people in front of him and was asking permission to jump to the other side of the screen at any moment to join the conversation.
As Great and Tyme connect, their relationship faces numerous complications. Great tries to understand what is causing his abnormality and how to escape it, while dealing with personal and family problems. For his part, Tyme secretly investigates criminal acts in which Great's family may be involved, especially his father, mother and older brother, Korn, played convincingly by Bas Asavapatr Ponpiboon, a character who adds greater complexity to the story.
Likewise, the stories that unite Tonkla, Inspector Win, Dome and Title, characters played by Fuaiz Thanawat Shinawatra, Jay Patiphan Fueangfunuwat, Mio Athens Werapatanakul and Jet Jetsadakorn Bundit, in that order, play an important role in the development of the series.
In this sense, a chance meeting with Great could help Tyme try to get closer to the young university student with the intention of penetrating his family circle to carry out his revenge, since he blames Great's family for the death of his parents. All this, while trying to save his grandmother from reprisals and fulfilling his duties as a doctor at a large hospital in Bangkok.
What begins as a game of cat and mouse will end up becoming a journey of no return. While Great secretly serves Tyme's interests to get even, the boundaries between sexuality and male friendship are continually compromised, with both characters drawn to each other.
The incredibly talented cast, which in addition to the aforementioned actors, includes JJay Patiphan Fueangfunuwat as Inspector Win, Fuaiz Thanawat Shinawatra as Tonkla, Job Yosatorn Konglikit as Den, Mio Athens Werapatanakul as Dome, and Jet Jetsadakorn Bundit as Title, It adds a touch of depth, elegance and authenticity to the series, and nails each scene and makes it believable.
The plot of the story is woven based on the two axes of coordinates that constitute Great's respective relationships with Tyme, a surgeon whom he knows due to his supernatural ability, and the one he has with his powerful family, businessmen they will not hesitate to commit the most terrible crimes if these help them get away with their crimes in the competitive business world.
The development of dramatic tension will be the result of both vectors, which pull Great in opposite directions, and which will narratively establish the counterweight between two categories of values, which will face each other on the stage table, and to which he must have a clear and lucid choice for one of the two: both at an aesthetic level and in content, which we will see trying to be resolved in the treatment of the psychological level and development of the characters.
In the photography of Pavarisa Tadde and Ittipong Klinchart, the exuberant beauty of colors and light of the luxurious surroundings of the Great mansion, the beautiful city landscapes, contrast with the most gloomy and degraded spaces, such as those of hospitals, also seen as a setting of pain and death, the humble house in which Tyme lives with his grandmother, since his parents died long ago, or those in which a corpse frequently appears.
In the context of Great's environment we also see how, both at the level of photography and staging, there is this significant disparity: the luminosity and brightness in the daytime scenes, with the darkest, warmest tones (from yellowish to almost reddish from inside the house); In both, he participates in the fiery internal love dynamics in which the protagonist begins to anticipate, in the form of a visual fantasy, his passion for Tyme.
The soundtrack by Terdsak Janpan fits perfectly with the moods of the characters and the tone of each moment. The music wonderfully delves into this suffocating, mysterious and at some points almost depressive character, in which we see Great's tortured spirit immersed, until he decides to free himself and surrender to his love and resolve the conflicts that surround him.
As I've probably already said in some way, the main charm of the series comes from the relationship between the two young people, who build a very special bond. The chemistry between Great and Tyme is palpable: the two transmit tenderness, camaraderie and a lot of passion. This helps a lot at a certain point in which the protagonists meet like two chess players with a board in between.
At the level of content, the struggle of opposite poles is manifested in this clash between the protagonists' will for healthy fulfillment and the suffocating reality that surrounds them.
Once again, Sammon demonstrates his good eye when it comes to finding unexpected narrative angles, building a solid network of emotions, designing fascinating characters and plots, and telling an attractive story while weaving its edges, taking his time, pampering and caring for the story, to give rise to a series that is summarized as one of the best in recent years.
'4Minutes is an emotional and heartfelt proposal that makes us forget that it is not Jespipat Tilapornputtde the actor who was supposed to play Tyme.
Sadly lacking real story and development.

The actors are good, I enjoyed the 2nd pairing but the main pair are not for me. The series is lacking chemistry and strong story. Especially when all they do is use NC sex for story that makes no sense. It feels like sex is all they want to focus on for lack of acting and story line and plot that does not make sense. Sadly disappointed. Feels like characters are one dimensional and typical with lack of growth. Please focus more on storyline next time instead of their NC moments. Especially since call their trailers only emphasize on the intimate moments just to try to get fans on board.
The cast had less chemistry than Bible with his motorbike

When I saw the trailer of this series I hopped on the moving hype train going on full steam, just because I was anxious to see Bible back on screen.

In the end, Bible did terrific work. But that's pretty much it for this series. The plot was all over the place, every single lick of chemistry was already seen in the trailer, and the pacing made this feel like it was 40 episodes instea d of 8.

I mean cinematography was nice. They made this pretty at parts, at least.

Also Why Don't You Stay should've remained in KP.

Conclusion: I wish to see Bible paired with someone else and in a no-paranormal series.
This review may contain spoilers
A visual stunning midnight BL drama with good acting and a decent plot for a midnight drama.

Virtues:
-The gorgeous cinematography.
-Jespipat Tilapornputt and Asavapatr Ponpiboon's performances are really good.
-The 4 minutes concept and the near death experiences theme.
-The mix between the mistakes of the past Great wished could fix, the raw and messy reality the characters lived and the things that never happened to Tyme but wished would have happen, all of this three timelines told with the central context of being on the verge of dying.

Flaws:
-Some events happen out of the blue, with a poorly elaborated build up, so the development and the characters' relationships, actions and reactions lack credibility at certain moments of the story, special mention to episode 6.
-Some scenes, like the one when Tonkla has the camera right in front of his face to show he's succumbing to his dark side born from his traumas, the one when Great and his father "argue" about the video or the one where Tyme comfronts Great's father are badly directed and filmed, and therefore, acted.
-Sammon repeats things she'd already used in previous plots without giving these resources proper personality.
-Some sequences feel like being watching a TV spot, a beautiful advertisement or a promotional ad for the actors. Including all that in a series is perfectly fine and common, but you must know how to integrate those promotional things in the general story in a proper manner. Unfortunately, here and in Thai series in general, they just throw the promotional things to one's face, which took me out of the story more than once.

To sum up, 4 MInutes is an interesting and enternaining midnight series that is not perfectly written, but is still worth watching if you're looking for a decent BL to watch.
Impossible plot

I did enjoy this and it certainly kept my attention, but the plot is deranged. Each episode I kept hoping that there would be some explanation as to what the hell is going on (OK, I get the basic idea - there are several timelines taking place simultaneously and we are seeing them from different characters' perspectives) but no, it just gets crazier and crazier.
Full marks to the very talented cast, though.
Good, was waiting for her to be great

I liked the first half of the show and the overall concept it started with on the 4 minutes. The first half was intriguing, perplexing, wonderfully confusing and very enjoyable and I enjoyed the chemistry between what was marketed as the main characters.
However, there was a shift somewhere that changed the whole dynamic of the show. The resolution of the show for me felt no better than the hated ‘it was all a dream’. It got really slow and focused too many really long scenes some characters in a single episode that you forget that there’s other characters in the show. I feel they did too much and followed too many characters to address in 8 episodes.
Maybe because the show only had 8 episodes they fumbled wrapping it up well and left so many loose ends that for me I needed tied.
It’s not cute love.

8.5 stars rounded up, the only reasons this isn't a solid 10 stars is there are a lot of little things that bothered me in of plot and relationship dynamics , but the rest of the series was lovely so it's ok.

I honestly don’t want to share too much about this series before you look it — it’s best enjoyed knowing as little about it as possible. However, what I will say is the pacing is good, the jumpy timeline builds tension and has you at the edge of your seat, and that ending…Bitter and sweet. How you feel about it may determine your final rating too.
But yeah, apart from that...
It was a unique story but there was a missed opportunity to really make this an the best story, which somehow makes the flaws worse since I get frustrated seeing wasted opportunities.
This review may contain spoilers
4 MINUTES BEFORE BRAIN DEAD

For your questions to be answered on what is going on, you have to finish it first. Those who created this drama is a genius, they have put the answers to every questions a viewers may have all throughout the drama specially at the end, but believe me, even though you would realize that you have seen the answer it will still turn out that you do not understand it, you'll just see that the enemy was killed and the misunderstanding was cleared, the main lead got their revenge and the main meads ended up together, that's it !
The catchy thing here was the 4 minutes prediction of Great , at first I thought it was a fantasy, but the first half was just I think imagination of Great to foresee what will happen after 4 minutes because on the episode 6 there was no more predictions from him that was shown, everything happens the way they should be , and it turns out that the first parts seems a hallucinations only that is being studied by the other doctor that was a friend of P'Tyme. And that the story went into something like it was showing that what really happens in the 4 minutes that the brain still working without an oxygen, maybe that was when someone is about to be brain dead, that is what I understood about this show.
About what has happened with the other characters for me nothing was special about it because I have seen so many crime and plot twists stories like that but it was still great.
The drama was a good one, not boring and you can really prove to yourself that it was a high quality show and great actors has starred , I mean look at the acting ! It was superb, binge watchable , for me this is a recommended one , looking forward for more of Bible's works he is such a fine man and actor .
More of a Scenario Building Exercise than an actual plot

CHEMISTRY:
Okay so hear me out! This has got to be by far the best level of intimacy and bareness I've ever seen in BL so far! Like i have no clue how they've got Fuaiz to shoot those bare sex scenes when he was barely 18 is still goes all over my head, but his level of maturity and acting makes me confident enough that he knows what he's doing and is of legal age.

PLOT:
Now coming to the plot, there were many reminiscence of DFF in the plot and by the end of ep 4 I knew it's going to take the Messier route just as DFF took but not as mad. But the entire 4minutes thing was really messy to be honest. Like what were the writers really trying to convey, like how the scenario building as we do in urban design ?, showed how things would've been different if characters behaved in a certain way in those 4 minutes, or these were mental patients who were living in their own trance struggling to grapple with reality, or actually did time travel? It's seriously a convoluted mess!

CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT:
I loved how every character was shown to be a grey character and shown them in their exact realness with no useless fluffy like we see in typical BL dramas, and had managed their own flaws and struggles. Though there was little character development in most of the characters except Korn, for that matter yeah just his realisation what he did wrong was enough for me ?. DFF had really good development and plot build-up, even though this did try really hard with those mind boggling plot twists, but it has lesser of an impact.

ACTING:
Fuaiz and Bas really stole the show, to be real honest. Those two were literally the main characters of the entire show than Jess Bible themselves. Like i really didn't care by the ending of the show as to what shit they were upto, I was most concerned where the rat of Fuaiz is upto ?. Jess is a veteran actor so need not talk much about it, and Bible really didn't have much to offer.
This review may contain spoilers
A Lot of 4 Minutes That I'll Never Be Able To Get Back

I had decent expectations for this series because of how long it had been in production and its main cast. However, it fell short. The plot ran off halfway and the end had neither rhyme nor reason.

4 Minutes can be summed up as a bunch of unnecessary deaths. At one point, I figured it was committed to karmic justice but I was wrong. The main characters getting a sort of 'happy ending' is proof that karma and justice lend little to the plot.

I admit that the near-death, psychological storyline was brilliant. I found it fun to unravel what was real and what was not. However, the plot and characters were poorly written.

Spoiler Alert ⬇️

Great was a shit person. He was in a hit-and-run, was complicit to murder, helped dispose of a dead body, was privy to the unlawful confinement of a female schoolmate, let his corrupt parents clean up his messes, and watched a girl get shot in the face when he could've stopped it. The only 'good' he ever did was saving Tyme — and he did that for himself.

Tyme was a huge red flag. He was portrayed as a victim turned vigilante but his actions show he was as cuddly with crime as his parents were. He sought 'justice' based on a few scribbles in his mom's journal, locked in on the wrong target and served their son some revenge porn to get attention. He put his patient (a victim of abuse that needed saving) in more danger just to gather evidence for his mission.

Somehow, both characters get an angelic halo over their heads after their 4-minute experience. They go on a couple of dates, play judge and jury, and make a show of taking responsibility — but it's just Great admitting his part in Dome's murder. All their other acts of delinquency are swept under the rug.

Ton Kla (played by Fuaiz) was the character I was most curious about but we only got bits and pieces of his life that didn't give much away. He was summed up as a serial killer with a kitty ghost friend and a boyfriend who only showed up when he pleased. Korn choosing to die with Ton Kla was unexpected but fitting end to a dark romance, I guess.

The actors who stood out the most in this drama were Bas and Fuaiz. Bas was brilliant as Korn and I found myself equal parts disgusted at and sorry for this character who was so obsessed with pleasing his father that he lost himself in the process. I hope Fuaiz gets more age-appropriate roles where he can show his talent beyond what we've seen in DFF and 4 Minutes.

tldr: good acting. unexpected storyline. poor character development. disjointed plots. not worth a second watch.
This review may contain spoilers
Great' wasn't as great as we thought...

Ufff, thank God I dropped this drama by the third episode and then watched it again from the beginning after it ended. I understood that I would only be able to fully grasp it if I watched the entire drama in one go.

Although, to be honest, there wasn't really any deep science that we couldn't understand... In my religion, I had already read that after death, a person's brain stays alive for 7 minutes, and during that time, they see everything they did in their entire life or the memories of things they regret.

Now, in this series, the concept is just about 4 minutes instead of 7... Simply put, in the first 5 episodes of the drama, we are seeing the guilt and memories of the last 4 minutes of 'Great's' life—what he did and what he could have changed but didn't. In episodes 6 and 7, we see what actually happened in real life that 'Great' couldn't change, meaning 'Great' wasn't as great as we thought by episode 5..???... And Tonkla killed the title and also shot 'Great,' taking revenge for his brother's murder... And the part where Tonkla's brother (who returned home at the end of episode 4) was also 'Great's' hallucination because, in the last 4 minutes of his memory, he tried to save him... The scenes related to Tonkla, Korn, and Win are mostly real, not imagined.

"And in the last episode, we are shown 'Tyme's' last 4 minutes, where he wishes that he had met him naturally without any purpose, and had only continued their relationship with genuine love."

Now that's love—Korn, even after hearing the truth from Tonkla, sacrifices himself after Tonkla dies, and they both die lying in the same position as they did during their first date while talking. That was very emotional... And then the mini heart attack at the end of the drama, hahah... Overall, I've never seen a BL series like this. They have played with science very well...
Don't start this serie if you're not gonna give it 100% of your attention

Don't start this serie if you're not gonna give it 100% of your attention and focus on the details. This is not just "another BL", the story telling will either make you hoked or drop the serie, but if you give it time everything will fall into place, it makes you come up with 100 possible theory of what's going on.
The acting was great i loved Bible and Jess together, It's totally worth it one of the best original story BL out there.
It's a 9 for me but...

I loved the series, the acting was amazing, the quality was top tier and the cinematography was beautiful.

To me everything was spectacular until the last half of the last episode, they rushed everything too much, we didn't get to see Great waking up, we don't know who tortured Warit, we couldn't see Tyme and Great reunion after both woke up and other things that were left unanswered.

Other than that, I know many people don't feel the same way, but I believe they did a good job with this series, of course the start was confusing, that was their intention, but with every episode we got to understand what was actually going on.
FINALLY.... A STORY!

Finally an original idea!
Finally a concept with a concrete story behind it!
Finally a series that gives real space to the roles to develop!
Finally a series that you watch because you are interested in how its story will develop!
Finally a series whose twists have consistency and explanation!
Finally a series created by people who didn't get bored of their work.
Finally a series whose raison d'être is an idea and not an hour-long commercial forced by actors without a script.

PS Don't get me wrong... I high value the attempt of the series to bring something meaningful and new. It's not perfect in many ways and a lot of things could be fixed but it's miles away from the classic, boring recipes based only on fan love of specific actors. Also my perceptive...if you kept the sex part from the whole series, that's fine and it's perfectly legitimate, but that's probably what you were looking for in the series.
This review may contain spoilers
lots of potential, HOWEVER

My expectations were very high starting this series and the first episodes lived up to it. The actors and the visuals were Great (pun intendet) so no complains on that aspect. However, I wished they could've done more episodes and dedicated the story and all its plotlines, as well as the romance, more time. Everything happens very fast, many plotholes weren't filled and the characters lost depth, as their development wasn't given enough space (specifically Greats brother, as well as the relationship between him and Ton Kla, Great and Tyme and the police officer). Everything was rushed, so as watcher I felt myself growing emotionally distant to the story, and unbothered when certain character's died.

(Also, a bit of more explanation to why some characters acted the way they did would've been nice. Why kill someone randomly? The art exhibition? Ton Klas actions in the first few episodes?)
This review may contain spoilers
Wish it was longer.

As the title suggests this show would have had a higher rating from me had it been more fleshed out over more episodes imo.
Things which I liked:
1) The elevated overall production value and the care placed in every detail from the cinematography, locations, characters’ styling, music scoring and of course the directing.
2) Majority of the cast protrayed their characters convincingly bar Jjay and Jet in some of their scenes but overall they were decent too.
3) I liked that not all characters (bar Tyme’s grandma maybe) especially the leads are these cliched “good spirited/heroic” ones in fact most are gray and some are just straight up fcked up lol.
4) Stand out acting performances especially from Bas and Fuaiz. Hope to see each one of them given more roles because I appreciate their talent and performances a lot.
5) Those cat mascots are adorable I need them.
Things I didnt like:
1) So much build up in the earlier episodes but by the finale many points that were emphasized earlier were left unanswered or attainded to.
2)Personally for me the ending as sad as it was regarding KornTonkla made sense and was appropriate given the grave errors both of them commited especially Tonkla. The ending for TymeGreat left a lot to be desired and was borderline non-sensical imo (especially given what Great commited). Same point can be applied to Great’s parents as well.
3) Unfinished/rushed eplanations for certain characters’ fates (Nan Sarman that lady that was hit by Great etc) wish they explained more on them but I guess with just 8 episodes not everything was going to be tackled perfectly.

Overall it was a nice and a different series that definetly stood out to me in the see of mediocre BL shows this year.
This review may contain spoilers
Great show but the end was rushed

The concept of the show was amazing. It kept me guessing til the 6th episode where they explain everything. The cinematography was great, the actors were good especially the second couple BasFuaiz. Those two completely stole the show with their performance, in my opinion.
Where the show started with a bang, I feel like the ending was a bit lacking. Too much was condensed in the last episode, they should have added an additional one.
Tyme's alternative timeline should have been explored longer. They should have given more screentime to the main couple relationship outside of the justice/political debacle in the real timeline. The relationship aspect was a bit neglected.

The ending of the second couple was fitting but, common ! Couldn't they give them proper last moments ? I would have loved to see a longer version of their own 4 minutes like the main couple. They deserved it ! I would have loved to see them living happily in the open even if it was fake.

All in all, the serie was great. It's outside of the cliched tropes for BL and I hope to see more of those kind of projects.

Love you Bible !
This review may contain spoilers
Disappointed 4 Minutes

First off the acting was superb. Second there was a lot more ass on display than I care for and I am not opposed to nudity when warranted. It wasn’t but not to say it was done in poor taste. I am just not an ass person. So it just looked like it was done for shock value than needed scenery. If they showed back or abs it would be more pleasant for me. But that’s just a style choice the director. The sex scenes were definitely soft porn. It looks like they were really doing it.

The chemistry was there for all 3 couple. The main couple. The second couple. The cheating half of the second couple with the officer. They really deliver on the sex and kissing. That 17 year old actor was not a frigid actor who have qualms about kissing and nudity. I know people are mad about him being young and doing it with older actors. I don’t know about y’all but 17 year old boys are full of hormones and a lot have sex at this age. Women need to stop portraying girl’s safety issue of rape and pregnancy into gay male norms. It stigmatized gay boys with straight girl social norms which is what most of the BL fandom consist of.

Anyway, I am disappointed with this series being in a loop of 3X. I don’t know if this is an alternate universe series or whatnot but I feel cheated of a good beginning middle and end series. I don’t know what I expected but this was not it. I don’t think I had any expectations other than to see a well written series. I feel like this series was a screenwriter writing the same idea of a story and the rewrote it 2 times more. This was the result. As someone who use to write stories this was something did a lot. This was very reminiscent of that writing exercise I did in creative writing class.

This is why I gave it a low rating in story but high marks for acting. In the end I was very disappointed with this series. Not the actors.
Hot Scenes you don't want to miss...?

Oh, I have to say can't forget that Bible (Great) and Jes (Tyme) are the mains in this. ?

Now on to it. I really liked this for the most part, the acting was great, the sex scenes were oh so nice ?, lets not forget the chemistry going on with them. It was nice to see how Great and Tyme were with each other, how Great seem to be flustered and caught off-guard by Tyme's presence, even how Tyme seemed to be off-guard around Great a bit to. They had a lovely connection, it was impossible not to get sucked in them. It was so cute how Great was around Tyme. they bith did a great job, you saw it all with thier acting.

Lets not forget Tonkla and Korn, Talk about a messed up love yet at the same time a strong love. In parts I didn't like Korn much, though Tonjka wasn't much better times, even though he was in a crisis still not good to do. In the end they were with each other...

I liked the concept of this one, being able to see 4 minutes in to the future in order to change the out come. It seem to even change Great in a good way. I also liked how Tyme believed him and not thinking he was crazy, he was willing to help Great find out what was happening to him.

I do have to say that I got confused in this... I don't want to say to much, I just want to say the closer it got to the end eps I just got confused. Even though I did, I did like the whole series. I just can't rate it as high as I would have liked to because I just had to many questions at the end.
Good series

I think to watch this series you require a higher IQ then mine lol. The last 3 or 4 episode was some trippy shit; they got me super confuse. However, the actors performances was IMMACULATE. Tonkla really needs a psych eval and Korn needed to aligned his priorities better. Furthermore, the cinematography was beautiful. The venues in which they recorded the colors ugh that was a visual delight.
Some reviews mentioned that this series was too confusing, and I agree. It even led me to re-watch episode 6 from the beginning once it started to show different perspectives.

However, I think that’s one of the series' strengths! I fell in love with how it shifted to an unexpected perspective I couldn’t have imagined. The way they developed multiple sides to the story made it even more intriguing. That said, they could have added Lukwa's perspective so the audience could better understand her relationship with Great beyond just sharing symptoms.

I have to admit, Bible and Jes are excellent actors. Actually, all of them are fantastic, and this is one of the reasons I could finish the series in one sitting.

There is one major flaw I should mention. I used to work in a hospital, and my job was related to surgery, so I was really bothered by how easily outsiders accessed the Operating Room. In real life, this is nearly impossible, especially in a larger hospital like the one shown. Accessing an OR typically requires multiple levels of clearance.

Aside from that, this is a great Thai series you shouldn’t miss this year!
average bl drama that could have been great if executed differently

The drama started with a unique and well-executed storyline but became confusing in the second half. To be honest, I had no idea what was going on—which storyline was the real one? What was happening? In the end, it all made sense, but it was kind of disappointing. Also, they could have done a better job of editing the scenes. It is a real shame as the drama started really strong.

On the other hand, the acting was superb, especially the second leads, Korn and Tonkla, who stole the show. The intimate scenes were ?

Overall, it was an average BL drama that could have been great if executed differently.
This review may contain spoilers
The main couple should have been Korn and Ton Kla

4 Minutes is okay but it got me so confused of what is really happening that I don’t think that the show really worked. The story is about this rich kid and a doctor that got entangled in this crazy family drama but it is also about a character named Great, rich kid, who got the ability to see 4 minutes to the future. Now, I will have to say that the premise is good and that the premise is strong. We have a good set of characters here and they are put in the story so well that I think they were able to serve their purpose. The love story of Great and Tyme felt more secondary to the story which I won’t mind but their love story is not even as interesting as the love story of the secondary couple of the show – Korn and Ton Kla. The time travel aspect of the show is where things got a bit trippy and I feel like the execution I confusing. The story on its own is pretty good already. The story is interesting because we have a strong family drama with the story of Ton Kla and Korn. Bas as Korn is just really good. The character had a good character development and we got to see him try both options that he was put in and it is actually sad to see how his character ended because we got such a good portrayal and a good contrast to what is happening to him mentally. It must have been hard for him to be in such position where he cannot do so much but had to so many things. His relationship with Ton Kla took a very tragic turn considering that they are both cheating on each other for different reasons but they died together. They are in a very sexual relationship and we got to see the naked body of Bas in this show and I will never complain. I feel like the love story of Korn and Ton Kla had so many good scenes and the story is just more interesting. There was a point in the show that I was wishing that they could have been the leads and the show will focus more on their perspective. Compared to them, the love story of Great and Tyme fails to deliver that and the time changes were just pretty much confusing that everything that happened in the first five episodes were erased in the sixth episode as they go back to the timeline. Basically, what they did is to show how things will actually happen if the four minutes thing will not occur and the way it changed the story is not even that drastic. Therefore, the entire phenomena felt very much unnecessary as the events will all still be the same. This is what is disappointing because this just says that everything that we watched so far were erased and that we just wasted our time. It is just bad storytelling and writing in the main storyline and I feel like I invested in the wrong story considering how slow things were in the first few episodes and how quick it is for the sixth episode to catch us all up to what happened. This is all a miss and I am a bit disappointed. I also would have wanted to see more of them together because the interest with their love story never really picked up. They have few good scene here and there but they have spent most of their times apart and the romantic relationship was never really or strongly established. This is where my dismay is and I feel like the concept that we got introduced to at the beginning really meant nothing to the main story line since we just got to hear it again in the last episodes in a few seconds before the end but, other than that, there is nothing there. The story is basically just 3 episodes long and that is it. It could have been so much shorter but this could still be so much better considering that Bible and Jes have good chemistry when they are together but they failed to use this in the show to its full potential. They are also very hot individuals and we got to see it. I am thankful for that. For the story, it could have been handled and executed for so much better.
4 Minutes That Seemed Like 8

Essentially, you must buy into the premise that our physical brain will cease to function after 4 minutes without oxygen. This of course, is a truism. But what this series then does is push forward a premise that during those 4 minutes without oxygen, people who are experiencing that trauma, relive ‘life’ in various manners within that 4-minute window period. For some, they can perceive events that will occur 4 minutes in the future. Why this series is so confusing is that it attempts to project too much story with too many people. Admittedly, I am old, and I have a difficult time following a train of thought for one individual and I am pushing it for two people. But when you have multiple people affected by the advancement of 4 minutes in the future with a number of different alternatives for each, my mind begins to jellify. Logic becomes inoperative here. Everything makes sense because nothing actually does. It depends upon the time frame you are currently in. Therefore, there is no logic. Consequently, I am lost.
I am bemused by criticism of this series from people who state there are too many NC scenes. I did not see any, so I am not sure what they are talking about. For those who read this, this IS an adult series with an adult theme. There is nothing pornographic or even sexually offensive. If you find it so, then stop watching. Do not impose your standards on others for that will become a dangerous precedent There are way more obscene subject matters such as infidelity, murder, suicide, illegal gambling, bullying, abuse, and yet we are concerned about a few scenes of two guys laying in bed semi-naked? Incongruent, silly, and cretinous thinking.
This was highly disappointing

I don't even know what to say about this mess of a series. I can't believe I waited this long to watch this only to be highly disappointed.

First of all, the acting is terrible. Absolutely cringe. I expected better of Bible because I just adored his character of Vegas in KinnPorsche but whatever this is was is not it.

Bible as a bottom isn't working. The new partner is very talented but it's obvious that he's having to carry Bible a good majority of the time and I hate saying that because I really did enjoy Bible in KinnPorsche.

I don't like the new ship either and it's not that it's any fault of Jes' because he's a damn good actor but there's no chemistry with Bible. And Jes has always had good chemistry with all of his costars. Why is it so different with Bible? I don't know but it isn't working for me.

Second of all, the overwhelming use of NC scenes is disappointing. There's no storyline at all. And not to mention how unrealistic the sex scenes are. Totally unrealistic. Don't even get me started on the full frontal shot. It's very obvious that the over use of NC scenes were used to draw people in to distract them from the bad acting and no storyline. The lack of facial expressions from Bible is also concerning. I don't know what the hell happened to Bible but something is off with him. Jes my guy, please go back to what you were doing before. BL isn't for you dude. You're too talented for this disaster. You shouldn't have to carry someone 24/7.
A Must-Watch!

I was super excited to see Bible work with Jes in this show, and BOY did they deliver!! This show was absolutely incredible and had me at the edge of my seat every episode. A thrilling, action-packed plotline was perfectly partnered with a slowly forming romance between the main leads, and side characters that could stand alone in their own series round it out beautifully. The only potential issue with this one was that the 18+ rating needs to be taken real seriously....both with the violence and explicit sex scenes.

When Great (Bible) hits and kills a woman while driving, he suddenly finds himself with a strange ability: he is occasionally (and not of his own will) sent back in time 4 minutes to fix mistakes. After preventing the death of this woman, she still ends up in the hospital. Great, feeling bad about this, goes to visit her and meets Dr. Tyme (Jes). The two slowly get to know each other, but it seems their lives are more intertwined than they thought. Great's family's shady business seems to be willing to go to any lengths to continue their work, and Tyme seems to be somehow connected to all this. Meanwhile, Great's brother Korn (Bas) and his boyfriend Tonkla (Fuaiz) seem to be more involved in the inner workings of this shady family business, which is straining their relationship.

I can't begin to describe how incredible this show was. The plot twists were INCREDIBLE and had me sitting in shock at the end of the episodes. I can't possibly describe all the interesting plot points that happen without horrible spoilers, but it is truly an experience to watch it. I love when a plot doesn't only revolve around the romance, and this one definitely isn't focused on it, but uses the romance to enhance the plot. Again, the explicit scenes in this show were a bit much for me, but overall it was fantastic and I would highly recommend it.
What can you do in 4Minutes?

You can listen to Why Don't You Stay by Jeff Satur.
You can watch an episode of Back to Seventeen.
You can drink a Thai Milk Tea.
The things that happened in four minutes here though..

Saying anything would spoil something, in essential, that would mean I can say nothing about the story.
But even this statement is an indicator of how mind bending the plot is, it keeps you on your toes, makes you come up with theories and you're invested throughout, just waiting to get all the answers to the tens and hundreds of questions that will inevitably pop up in your mind.
The synopsis is basis enough to go off on, at least according to me, since that way, there's no ideas on what you can expect, you can just let the complexity and intrigue of the story surprise you.

What you can expect though, in addition to the above, is great acting, NC scenes and brilliant cinematography. You'll want to rewatch the episodes over and over again to see if you missed any details and with eight episodes, it's a series you can watch quickly and revisit as many times as you want.

So grab your notebooks and pens, grab someone to discuss theories with, and just go for it. If you're not in the mood for something this complex and confusing, set it aside and come back to it later, because it is so worth it.
I loved it!

An excellent, very interesting series. The fantasy aspect is not excessive and the police plot is well handled. The pace is good, with no lulls. You're captivated by the story.

Sensitive subjects are dealt with without exaggeration: corruption, mafia, murder, impunity. A welcome change from the constant sensationalism of this kind of story.

There's no Manicheanism, and we know that not everything is black and white. Another good point.

As for the many very explicit sex scenes, apart from the first one, which I found excessive, the others fit the story well. The first scene between the 2 heroes is hooootttt

Best BL series of 2024?
This review may contain spoilers
Definitely worth watching plus very original concept!

I'm so surprised the main couple got a happy ending here or more like that none of them died and that it wasn't just 4 minutes imagination and the series didn't end like DFF where I absolutely hated the way it ended. It was really great and interesting to see a series where a popular BL pairing was separated. JjayFuaiz nailed their roles and though they didn't end up together and most probably wouldn't even if Tonkla didn't die, I really loved their story. It was really sad but actually realistic. They were true lovers to enemies and that's how the story should end. It's also good to know that in the end Tonkla and Korn still loved each other and Korn died with him. It's probably better for him after the shits he went through for his father, even separated from Tonkla to save his family business... and he deserved peace in the end.
I really love the way this story was written and that they showed us that some criminals can really change their perspective and want to redeem. In the end Great was really well written and was lucky enough that Tyme loved him too much to leave him and also that he got the chance to live a much better life.
This review may contain spoilers
Setting the standards for BL

This show is soo good it feels illegal to even write a review of it. Like I don't want to spoil the thrill for others watching it for the first time.

This show has made me rethink my ratings for the series that I have previously rated higher. So I give this series a 100/10.
There were some minor loopholes offcourse but despite that I would still say for a Thriller, Mystery, romance(if it was) this show is a trendsetter for BLs.

So I will rather keep it short
Why to watch this series:
1. Storytelling might seem confusing but it makes up for it in the end and that is the reason what makes you soo engaged to the series as you'll have a lot of questions.
2. Beautiful top quality cinematography
4. Amazing acting from the whole cast
5. CGi and visual effects done right
6. Unique storyline and engaging plot
7. Flawed and complex characters
8. NC scenes were realistic and didn't feel cringe or fake

Improvement points:
Series should have been atleast 10-12 episodes rather than 8 episodes to explore the Main characters more.
OSCAR WINNING SERIES

Woowo , mind-blowing, masterpiece, I didn't expect to see such solid and intresting plot from thai bl industry.. this is specially for time travel lovers... I like the was they played with timelines and in last the wrapped up everything perfectly.. no loophole whole 4 minute concept was perfectly explained in whole series... Their is 3 timeline in which 2 timelines are Virtual (fake) world ..
In last 10 min of ep 8 it was explained why and what "4 min "actually is...
And

(Spoiler) Pls remember everything that happens with kla and korn is reality, they just used 4 min concept for Thyme and great ..
And just focus on each and every single details ( cardiac arrest) ....
One of the best

series was good and well-made for me
story was different and new
I watched each episode several times:)
Actores was wonderful and I liked the chemistry between Jess and Bible, they look good together
I liked the series but I wish episodes were longer.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
This review may contain spoilers
A Well Scripted Thriller with Intriguing Characters

A Captivating Journey Through Time and Love – A Final Review of “4 Minutes”

After watching all eight episodes of Thailand’s “4 Minutes”, I can confidently say this series has been a compelling roller coaster of emotions, mystery, and passion. What started as an intriguing premise quickly transformed into a layered narrative that kept me glued to the screen. Each episode unraveled new dimensions of time, relationships, and personal growth, making it one of the most thought-provoking BL series I’ve watched.

A Love Story Rooted in Time

Great and Tyme’s chemistry started to develop by Episodes 3 and 4, pushing their love story to unprecedented emotional heights. Great, who has the extraordinary capacity to see four minutes into the future, begins to realize how this ability impacts not just his life but also his relationships with people in general and Tyme in particular. Great’s fragility is progressively revealed by the plot, especially when he confides in Tyme about the dreams he has of him, which is a precursor to the love tension that will develop throughout the episodes.

Read the complete article here-

https://the-bl-xpress.com/2024/10/05/4-minutes-series-review-ep-3-to-8/
This review may contain spoilers
P'Sammon; thank you for humbling me

Let me be honest with you, I was a bit cocky. As I expecting everything will happen from ep 1 to ep 5, and the majority of my expectations were true (except of one major thing). Up until that point, I was gonna give this drama 7 or 7.5 as it's a drama were you can predict everything will happen.
Then I watch ep 6, I gasped. It was like a slap in my face telling me "respect P'Sammon".
From ep 6 to the final, the rating was going up until 8.5
This drama... You can predict and unpredict what's gonna happen, give it a shot.
A Good Story, Well Narrated

This was actually a good thriller. A good story well narrated. A smart film, probably not meant for everyone.

I liked the freshness of the narrative. That's because I couldn't predict the next things to come, which I found refreshing. At some point I thought they were mocking my brains because some twist of events seemed illogical. But in the next episode, it became clear that the apparent nonsense wasn't a nonsense at all. I had a burning question for an episode or two, but afterward, I understood that the explanation was there all the time. It appears that I was somewhat misled by the rapid pace and intensity of the show and mistaken that explanation for hints. I also liked the attention given to the details, the symbolism used throughout the entire series, the fact that everything was well thought, well-designed, the logic was flawless and everything fell into place in terms of logical deduction. To me, it almost felt like the filmmakers were mathematicians. :-D :-D

The acting was very good, and the direction was superb.

Having included Vivaldi in the OST tracks automatically grants a 10 mark from me. But generally speaking, the music was good, well-chosen, and well-matched to the scenes. Also, it doesn't have too much of it, so it's not redundant or annoying.

I will definitely watch this show again because I'm sure I'll notice details that I missed the first time.
Amazing show

Amazing show. Seriously, if you have short attention span this show is going to mess with your head. Me personally, I enjoy this kind of genre and actually understood everything once this series wrapped its ending. The fact that they dont even give us a preview for next episode was kinda thrilling. Once a week per episode also gave me enough time to go to reddit or tumblr to indulge with others, discussing about each episode, about what we viewers could’ve missed, what could happen next and what to expect. Some theory were a spot on and some were not ?

Cinematography, chef’s kiss. The camera work was amazing. I even follow their cinematographer on ig just to follow through whats his next project’s going to be.

Actors, also amazing. They delivered every scene so well, even the supporting actors are amazing.

Writers and directors both are woman and they are doing a splendid job with 4minutes. All the crews behind the scenes also seem so chill and they know what are they doing, so very professional.

Anyway, im giving it a perfect score
4 Minutes is definitely a must-watch.

To begin with, let’s respect and show support for these actors who participated in these NC scenes. It’s not easy for anyone to do it, especially if it’s their first time. While some dramas use NC scenes to compensate for the plot, 4 minutes does not do that at all. The NC scenes compliment/coincide with the drama as a whole. The plot, the acting, the chemistry are all amazing. I definitely recommend watching this series if you haven’t yet. This show displays perfectly the difference between real and ideal. What would you do if you knew what was going to happen? Would your actions truly lead to a good end? Even if you tried your best to do what was right, was it really the correct choice in the end?
Whatever you do, you can't change what is destined to happen!

A story of a lost soul who tries to make things right in the present after being in the future for 4 minutes. 

It had a grand start filled with thrills, naked white butts, and lots of anticipation of great content. Another BL with a time travel theme got me interested in watching. It was going very well; I understood what was going on and created a link in my mind. But soon after episode 4, things started going downhill. I lost track of what was going on and totally got confused with the storyline. If I were to name a drama as a show-off, then this is the shinning example of it. Wait, this is literally synonymous to BOC now!

Even though I understood what was happening at the last 4 minutes of EP 8, in general the story feels like a fever dream where you feel like you understand the situation but still can't figure out what and why that is happening. And after waking up, you completely forgot what it was all about. The storyline is so erratic that I lost interest in the middle. There were different storylines, and they wanted to give attention to every one of them, but while doing that, they lost the actual significance of the show. Maybe it's not that complicated, but sure, it is confusing. Still, I watched it because I wanted to reach the conclusion. So I can't really point out what I liked or disliked, as I feel like I'm in a daze to conclude anything. 

It had a big budget, great artists, and beautiful and aesthetic cinematography, but it fell short in terms of storytelling and binding the whole thing together. Again, it is proved that BOC failed to deliver a compelling story and tried to hide it with NC scenes and handsome faces. I had high expectations, but now I'm utterly disappointed. I can't rate this show high just because of its high content value. I do enjoy the complicated storylines, but I can't lose my brain cells over 8 episodes of content. Maybe I'm too dumb for this; it's not for me.
Sammon strikes again!

Another perfect story from Sammon, kudos to Bible (perfect as always) and Jes, a pleasant discovery for me. A complicated and gripping plot that keeps you in suspense and in doubt until the last minute. All the actors perfect in their roles and beyond expectations (Fuaiz and Jes). I'm already on my third rewatch.
Great concept, weak plots

It's an interesting supernatural idea that limits the power to see the future in the span of 4 minutes only. But with a plot that should make the audience in awe but diverted to having a messy ending. This is another typical Be On Cloud’s project that only showcases a high-quality start with an extremely disappointing finale. I understand that the script is trying to give us shocking revelations but the execution was poorly done. If they had enhanced most of their scenes during the last two episodes, everything about this drama would have been a chef’s kiss.

I highly appreciate and am well-devoured by Bas’ extremely outstanding performance as Korn in this series. He stole the show and uplifted the drama’s charisma. The presentation of his role was flawless. The love triangle of Korn, Tonkla, and Inspector Win is way more entertaining than the main couple. They nailed their characters and stole the spotlight even playing as supporting casts. But I must say that Bas and Bible’s chemistry as siblings is so cute that I want to see more of them as sworn brothers in the future.

The intimate scenes are also the best! It was tremendously romantic and amorous. Fuaiz and Bas made the finest sequence of passionate acts in the show. JJ became the third wheel here and I liked it better since the two mentioned paired above were explicit and intense.

In general, 4Minutes is a pretty average BL drama with a fascinating start that loses its spark from the dissatisfying scenarios established in the end. Nevertheless, the acting from everyone was great and set up a unique storyline that distinguished them from other BLs from this year. Nice work!
Highly original, mind-bending watch

4 Minutes is perplexing. Every time you think you’ve worked out where the narrative is headed, it swerves in a different direction. The synopsis makes the series seem like a “get a glimpse into the future and change your destiny” plot, but it’s far more complex than that.

The journey itself is enjoyable rather than nauseating. Instead of predictable build-ups into scenes which are clearly designated as ‘payoffs’, the story is delightfully fragmented and slippery. It’s not entirely clear which sequences took place when, so it requires some mental gymnastics to untangle everything and come to your own conclusions.

Beoncloud has its way with creating such dark and complex characters, sometimes with sinister motivations. In any case, I liked the deeper message driving the show. At the end of our lives, we will always look back on our regrets and wish that we did things differently. All so that the remaining moments of our life aren’t spent being weighed down by our conscience.

While humans are capable of making some pretty awful decisions, 4 Minutes also reminds us that we can choose otherwise. There is always a choice.

More reviews: https://asianblreviews.wordpress.com/
This review may contain spoilers
the series that kept me on my toes

this is the kind of bl content I want with both thrilling plotting and sweetness .. I loved how each moment had it's own uniqueness to it and while haveing a magical element it was quite realistic .. but what stole the show for me was the acting every actor really killed... I really love how unique evert boc storyline is like they don't follow the normal pattern of bl story and give it there own twist which actually makes it more entertaining and fun especially with this one the most fun part for me was how each ep gave you answer and question both keeping me guessing what was happening. and just to add I really love how the time actually did focus on other characters and there own stories rather then it connecting it all it was more intersecting which made it more fun ...
Not a BL, more like a Mystery

This was a wild ride, every episode raised more questions, without answering any, until the last episode. I had so many theories, which all turned out to be false.
Some may disagree, but I found that the ending very much made sense and they honestly weren't any big questions left unanswered.
The characters felt like real people, not good people but people (expect for Title, he is just plain evil), and the acting was amazing (I watched this series because of Bible and he didn't disappoint).

What I didn't like? When I watched it, I tried to remember all the little details and hints (like the backstory of a side character) that could be important in the end, only for them to never be mentioned again or explained. That made some scenes feel "random", otherwise it would have been a masterpiece.

But so you know, I wouldn't really call this a BL, because it's not a romance. The mystery and Sci-Fi aspects are the main focus. It was kind of similar to "Manner of death" (or to some Mafia BL) in terms of the "vibe". Don't expect the typical fluffy Bl story, this is not it. The relationships weren't very well developed either, but maybe that's realistic.

I used to think that "Like Love" was explicit but in comparison to the sultry version of 4minutes, "Like Love" is the most family friendly Bl ever. Honestly, it was a little bit to explicit for my taste, it's like I am invading the characters privacy lol. If you always wanted more explicit (and more realistic (damn)) NC scenes, this is the show for you.

Should you watch it? Yes, if you want a series which plot seems to be a mystery until the last episode, or just a Mystery/ Sci-Fi series with gay characters, you should.
I'm just here to troll the haters

This 10 star rating is dedicated to those fake ass profiles who set aside a part of their precious time just to create a new account to give this 1 star rating after the first episode ....
Hope u all continue to waste ur time hating on this ....
All my love to u hardworkers.keep carrying on ....
Haven't finished yet but already know I will rewatch

Im really hopeful that next few episodes will be as good as the ones Ive seen already - one of the best bl series I've seen, amazing and shocking plot, keeping me focused and intrested. I havent skipped one bit - thats how you know I enjoy something. Im really impressed by skills of the actor who plays Tonkla - he's a few years younger than me and I can tell theres a bright future before him.
Good one, go watch it fully recommended!!!!

Overall, the screenplay was outstanding, with a storyline that gave every character ample space and equal importance. While I’m typically not a fan of NC scenes in first ep, but I must admit that the one in the first episode was executed brilliantly—they truly nailed it! I also liked the way Bible traveled 14 minutes backward in time for the first time; it was amazing. After watching the first episode, I’m thoroughly hooked and fully intend to support this series. It boasts exceptional cinematography and stellar performances from an amazing cast.
This review may contain spoilers
A BL beyond the typical romance trope

It’s a BL that seeks an audience willing to engage with the complexity of the plot, who doesn’t mind being left with questions.

The heartbreaking 4Minutes concept:
Great, desperately trying to change the past & fix his mistakes.
Korn, longing to escape his old life & run away with Tonkla.
Tyme, yearning for a fulfilling past with Great.

It leaves a powerful message: Live your life fully. Don’t leave things unresolved. Fix the things you can, and never leave words unsaid with those you love.
A freaking masterpiece.

Be On Cloud has done it again! This was honestly a joy to watch. I went in not expecting much but it truly exceeded my expectations.

The cast in this was fantastic! The leads chemistry were just unmatched. Including the side characters too.

Honestly a gorgeous gorgeous! storytelling & cinematography. Literally had me gripped at the edge of my seat from episode 1 till the end. I genuinely didn’t want it to end.

Saying that, I shouldn’t have been so surprised at how good this was considering it’s a Be on Cloud production. Definitely on my top 3 favourite watch this year. And I definitely need to check out more of their work.
This review may contain spoilers
My take on the plot

This show really stands out, not just within the BL genre, but among dramas in general. What makes it special is how it keeps things engaging without relying on complicated plot twists or creating unnecessary plot holes. The way the story explores themes like redemption and how our past decisions shape our future is handled in a creative and unique way.

The main character, Great, gets the chance to redeem his past mistakes during a 4-minute window while he’s unconscious. What’s interesting is how he gets to relive these 4 minutes over and over, almost like a dream where time stretches and feels longer than it actually is. The show does a great job balancing between reality and subconscious experiences, and it never becomes confusing. It’s smooth and keeps you hooked throughout.

There was one part where I was initially disappointed—when Great meets a female character at an art exhibit. At first, it felt like the show was becoming too unrealistic. But then, it all made sense as the scene was revealed to be more of a metaphor. However, there was a bit of confusion with why only some characters, like Great, got the chance to relive moments while others didn’t. It left me wondering if certain scenes were real or just symbolic. Plus, the subplot with Tonkla being able to see ghosts could have been explained better—it felt a bit unclear.

The show’s message about making the right choices and being a good person, even if it doesn’t change the past, really hit home. Great and Thyme’s characters both changed after the 4 minute phase and they were making good decisions, even though it might not change the overall life experiences. And Korn’s 4-minute were he chose to live his life with the one he likes was so emotional that made me cry.

The acting, especially from the four main leads, was fantastic. Their chemistry felt real, and they delivered on the emotional weight of the story. The focus wasn’t entirely on the romance between the main couple; instead, it explored their broader life experiences. Meanwhile, the second lead couple’s storyline was more focused on love, and their tragic ending was really moving. Korn’s story, in particular, was heartbreaking and beautifully acted. The scene where Tonkla gets shot and Korn didn't know what to do was one of the most powerful moments.

I’d give the story a solid 10/10, not just compared to other BL series, but even against non-BL dramas. I noticed some people gave it lower ratings, and I think it’s because they didn’t fully understand the deeper message of the show. As for the acting, it’s a 10/10, though some side characters weren’t as strong. The music also worked well, earning a 9/10 from me, but the guitar scenes felt a bit forced. They could’ve been better if they had been integrated more naturally into the story.
This review may contain spoilers
xfavor mirenlo

posta xfavor mírense esto, hay una historia bien hecha y que encima es interesante, personajes bien desarrollados, buenas actuaciones, buena música y uno de los mejores finales de este año, por no decir el mejor.
El personaje de Great es perfecto, te hace estar al borde TODO EL TIEMPO, bible hizo un trabajazo con esto.
El personaje de Tonkla el mejor 100%, nunca nadie lo termina de conocer bien y nunca sabes que va a hacer.
Lo único, faltó desarrollo al personaje de win y a su relación con tonkla, había mucho más para dar y se re desaprovechó, y más sabiendo que a Win posta le gustó Tonkla.
El final es loquisimo pero no es muy difícil de entender al final de todo, me encantó.
This is definitely not a regular BL series.

Perfectly delivered compelling plots and actors,who are spectacular at conveying their characters' emotions,with top notch chinematigraphy, , breathtaking visuals, meticulous script..Every single details was deeply portrayed. If anyone loves new things this story is enough to drag them into their world. The vibe of German web series' dark'was the first thing that caught my attention.They uses reference from "inception 20210."As my preference is suspense, psychological elements, thriller and dark mystery in every part of fiction then '4 minutes' is definitely for those people like me. I'm stunned to see adding my favourites in my favourite (bl). It's a overwhelming happiness that can't be described. No repeating plot points and detours through side stories that do not pertain to the main plot. The story revolves around 4 minutes that is explained with proper term . Every coin has two sides so the negative point of this series for me was nc scenes.I skipped most of them and that wasn't my concern anyway. I repeat it's the only negative point to me. But no one can't deny the fact that those ncs' were better than western also. To sum up BOC always keeps international level so definitely they will put some international quality in nc scenes. They didn't even sell it to another company. That's what calls professionalism.
To those who are stuck with anything and Lost the ability to accept good things should stay away from this series.
To sum up if you're not ready to explore please stay away. No need to hate or spread negativity. When you already know it isn't your type or something you have option to not watch. Don't ruin thier hard work and effort unreasonably.
One of the Bl series of 2024

I think we all know that Bible's acting is top notch. That's we have been waiting for him since the end of Kin Porsche. Apart from everyone did a awesome job. Main lead ( Bible and Jes) have awesome chemistry. But the side couple chemistry is good but it's problematic also as the actor who's playing "Tonkla" is underaged he's barely 18 rn. I think Be on cloud entertainment should do something with casting barely 18. If they cast they shouldn't give them 18+ scenes. So, it's the only thing which was a little bit draw back to me. But apart from this it's a really awesome series to everyone did a amazing job. Special shoutout to the aesthetic it's awesome. ?
confusing plot, bad chemistry, bad acting, too much NC scene

confusing plot, bad chemistry, bad acting, too much NC scene
up until this momment i write this review, there is no one that really explain to me what is the 4minutes plot. i guess not all people get the storyline. its look like the title 4 minutes its not match with the storyline. everything doesnt make any sense.
the main couple face too look a like, both look like brother than a lover so its very hard to imagining them together as a lover. the chemistry is 0. their nc scene is meh for me. not adding any plot and no chemistry at all. the main couple storyline is too force, flat and blend. no dinamic. after all i dont like it at all.
This review may contain spoilers
NC on the first episode doesn't feel right for me. I lost interest right away, I couldn't continue and focus on their acting because all I could remember was them banging each other. Why is it that the BL nowadays is just focusing on NC? can't we have a series with a meaningful story? Actors facial expression is so nonchalant, I don't know, I'll try again the next episode but I hope I won't end up dropping it.
This review may contain spoilers
Complex!!

I always see a lot of people complaining that the story isn't there or there's only NC scenes, but that's not true in the slightest!! If you're confused about the story then you're not paying attention, the NC scenes are absolutely necessary because they speak a lot about the characters. sure, you could say Tonkla is some sex crazed guy, but those scenes show his desperation for intimacy and love. I think the WinTonkla storyline is the only thing keeping me from dropping the show, I find Tonkla so interesting & I absolutely love Win. GreatTyme are good too, I'm just not one for the time-travelling plots so their story doesn't really connect with me that much.

none of that is to mention how absolutely fucking incredible all of the actors are!! Bible, Jes, Fuiaz, Jjay, and the others have smashed it so far, I'm excited to see if the ending is as ? as everyone is predicting!!
The most stupidest thing I've ever seen this year they might as well just cancel the show cuz NC on the first episode with insanely stupid CGI yeah that did it for me I ain't going back there can't believe they made people wait a whole year for this crap damn i wasn't expecting it at all we should have at least read the signs it would have been so much better if they would have focused on the story and wait for the plot to build up before adding any type of NC in it like even the scenes the sexual scenes it was way too far gone and one of the actors being like younger way younger it's an ich for me
Horny girls will love it I bet.

I'm really disappointed overall, from feeling sick with the low quality cgi to taking nc scenes to "another level" it was actually the acting that put me off or should I say stiff pouty Bible. I had high hopes and I feel cheated right now. Fuaiz and Bas were a good surprise.
The best BL I have see

Acting of cast is so professional
Sex parts are amazing
Over all I really enjoying to watch this series and I can’t wait for next part.
Tattoos of bible leg and that shut was so sweet
But actually I’m fan of that cop guy
I hope next episodes will be good like the previous ones
Also I didn’t got last sequence in episode 4 about tonkla brother, is he dead or no? What happened? If any body know pleas tell me
Why is the picture so blurry?

I'm at the end of the first episode on Gagaoolala, 1080px, but I'm already on the verge of dropping it.
In most scenes, only the close-up shots are in focus, and often even those aren’t sharp.
I get that this is a film composition style, but this way, the picture is unenjoyable, it's making me physically uncomfortable.
Was this review helpful?