Great potential and fairly decent execution, yet suffering from unnecessary complexity.

Let me elaborate.

Acting Performances:

The majority of the cast consisted of newcomers. All of them, old and new faces, did great! Ta, Mio and Us particularly stood out but it was Barcode who truly stole the show. He was a cutie in KinnPorsche. However, here he was as complex as a character could be and he performed it perfectly.

Storytelling:

The beginning:
The few episodes after the first one were hella boring and confusing. There was a missing part that wasn't hinted adequately to the viewer. While somewhat passable, this highlights the need for better-written hints and suspense in future mystery projects to enhance the stories.

The middle:
You’ll find the most interesting events of the series here. The moment Non came to the screen, the narrative underwent a significant evolution. I couldn’t help myself but to root for Non’s character, even when he was doing things that I’m usually very against. There was a decision of his I wouldn’t understand if I missed WHY he would do it. I feel clarifying the reason behind this decision could have enhanced the understanding of character motivations and justified Phee's future actions more effectively.

The ending:
While the last few episodes were interesting, the shock value could have been dialed back. Certain elements felt unnecessary and overly complicated, leaving loose ends and unanswered questions. The final episode felt rushed, and boy, I would have loved an alternative to it.

Chemistry between Characters:

Plenty. At one point I didn’t know who I was supposed to ship with whom, because every pairing had quite the tension between them. There were some really good spicy scenes too. Unfortunately, almost none of them were plot driven, but were there for... Well... You know.

Overall Impressions:

Despite its flaws, this series clearly aimed for a level of effort and quality often lacking in Thai BLs. The dedication of the actors, screenwriters, directors, and crew is evident throughout. This seems to be the beginning of a new era for Thai BL series, with higher standards and more refined storytelling. BoC's willingness to push boundaries is something I appreciate greatly, and I would love to see what else they can give us, especially with Sammon on board (*cough* 4 minutes *cough*).
a thriller/horror turned into an examination of how awful people can be

Overall: I struggled with how to rate this as there were parts that really worked for me and others that didn't. I was also disappointed but not surprised when some viewers victim blamed the character Non. 12 episodes about 45 minutes each. Aired on iQIYI. Production company is Be On Cloud which also produced KinnPorsche.

Content Warnings: murders/death, blood/gore, decapitation, animal death, vomiting, bullying, manipulation, coercion, mental health struggles, suicides, attempted suicide, parental abuse, beaten up, grooming, teacher/student, non con sex, non con recording/sharing, cyberbullying, drugging

Thoughts on Victim Blaming Non
- consent is multifaceted, one part is non-coerced and Non was definitely coerced, he was groomed by someone he had respected and felt he owed that person, Non did not deserve the terrible things that happened to him
- for people who said "why didn't he just switch schools", we don't know the cost/transportation difficulty with doing that, also I think Non was an abuse cycle with the friend group, Jin was the little bit of sweetness that made Non hope for things to get better and then when they were terrible it was difficult to break free, viewers also forgot that Non had been lied to/manipulated and believed the first thing was his fault and that he was mainly responsible for all of the awfulness happening to him (update in episode 11 around 7 minutes Non says "if you didn't see me as a friend I could have moved to another school" which confirms for me that Non would have left if all of them had been terrible all the time but Non had glimpses of kindness an that kept him at his current school)

Watch Notes
- if you like horror/thriller (and don't want to see a ton of bullying/people being awful), watch episodes 1-4, then watch the beginning recaps of episodes 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 which are all flashback, watch episode 10 thru the end
- if you like sweetness, watch the first 5 minutes of episode 7 and watch episode 11 33-41:25
- if you like spiciness, watch the scene at 26 minutes of episode 9

What I Liked
- mystery aspect
- the NSFW/intimate scenes in the first episode and episode 9 were well done
- character actions sometimes felt realistic
- that they talk about not splitting up like in a horror movie
- sweet moments beginning of episode 7
- fleshing some characters' backstories out
- flawed characters

Room For Improvement
- slowly paced for being a thriller, flashback episodes 5-9 provided important context but they also interrupted the thrilling part of the series, they could have condensed them or interspersed with the thriller part in the present
- there were 9 main characters and it took me quite some time to figure out who they all were and their relationships to one another
- Jin got off the hook way too easy for something absolutely terrible that he did, it felt unrealistic and was disappointing
- episode 10 was an exposition dump/reveal with some scenes (wandering around the woods) that dragged
- one character did not deserve what he got (wish there had been some kind of twist with this character)
- ending felt rushed and too much fantasy (no way would hallucinations have been exactly like that), wanted more/different twists and then the 31 minutes onward didn't work for me
This review may contain spoilers
A Great Series (Skip The Last Episode)

Normally I review around episode four or five, but I really wanted to let this series show me everything it had to offer first so I'm writing this after episode 11 and will come back after the finale. Dead Friend Forever is a work of art. I normally am irritated by mystery series because it frequently feels like all the answers are just being handed to you, but not only did this show not do that, it also didnt make me want to guess. I just wanted to keep watching, I wanted to see the story unfold, I was continuously entertained.

The characters are infuriating, Non included, which is what would typically make me tap out, but they also ensure the watcher has enough sympathy for Non and hatred for the rest to create a good, watchable balance. Regardless of what I thought of Non (or rather, Non's decision making skills), I was extremely invested in him getting justice. I didnt care how, I just felt in my heart of hearts that pretty much every other character should end up dead. To make a character so sympathy inducing that every other character becomes irredeemable is a feat on it's own, but to have Non's existence not end up irritating me in the long run is a miracle. This is spectacularly written. Awful people flock to a vulnerability and exploit it for all it's worth, and while each of them has their reasons, none of the reasons justify their actions.

This was an immensely fun watch. I'd watch it again right now if I was that type of human, but I'm more likely to leave it alone for some months to years to digest. The sheer amount of awful is really fun but also really, really sad.


Ugh, i just watched episode 12. Im not really sure how to rate this now. I wish theyd spread out the justice across more episodes intead of all at the end. I wish the ending wasnt open. I wish I never had to see Phee or Jin smile again. I wish New had a better ending. I wish they'd had the balls to end it decisively instead of some "did they, didn't they" bullshit. This was a 9.5 for me before episode 12, so I'll only dock two stars for this shitshow of an ending. The rest of this series was good, as far as I'm concerned, this has 11 episodes and the ending we all wanted is what happened, just off screen.
This review may contain spoilers
fantastic but only after the fourth episode

I would never have thought at the beginning that I would give DFF such a high rating. Because the first 4 episodes were pure guilty pleasure for me. This mixture of 90s slasher parody seemed like pure trash to me, but at least it was entertaining.

But then came episode five and the tone changed so radically that you thought they had replaced the director. From pseudo-horror in an abandoned house, it became a sad psycho drama about an outsider whose bullies took it too far and he had to suffer terribly as a result.
It's not always nice to watch and often gets under your skin, but it's always coherent and comprehensible.
Overall, DFF can be seen as a revenge thriller and in this respect it is completely convincing. Even if the start was very bumpy and even later, when the abandoned house takes center stage again, the whole scene seems a bit chaotic.

In terms of acting, you have to differentiate a lot here, as there are mostly newcomers at work, which you really notice at the beginning and the whole thing degenerates into total overacting. But fortunately there are exceptions, Barcode, whose performance as Non is really so believable, hovers over everything. A little too weird, a little too weak, he is simply the perfect victim and his ordeal simply gets under your skin.
But other actors also have their moments Ta as the main protagonist, who is also rather morally gray on the road, and JJay as the emotionally cold young killer are quite convincing.
The rest of the cast are mostly convincing in the quiet moments, while unfortunately they don't always get the horror moments across well. Jet in particular seemed rather annoying to me throughout the series, which wasn't necessarily just due to the role and he should urgently take a few more acting lessons.

Conclusion: if you get through the first four episodes, you'll discover a dark and unsparing gem. The fact that DFF is so uncompromising and shows the emotional horror so well is its great strength and sets the series apart from others. Even if the acting is not always top-notch and the final episode is quite controversial, I would recommend DFF to anyone who wants to watch something other than the typical BL Rom Com
DFF BEST DRAMA

Be On Cloud's "Dead Friends Forever" is a gripping series that seamlessly blends elements of mystery, horror, supernatural and drama into a thrilling narrative.

One of the standout features of the series is its strong and well-developed characters. Each character is intricately crafted with their own unique personalities, motivations and secrets, making it feel authentic and relatable. As the story progresses, we see how past trauma and unresolved issues come back to haunt them, adding depth and complexity to the overall plot.

The supernatural aspects of the series add an interesting layer to the narrative. Mysterious events and unexplained phenomena keep viewers constantly wondering what will happen next. Supernatural elements are seamlessly integrated into the storyline, creating a sense of unease and tension that permeates throughout the series.

In addition to an interesting storyline, "Dead Friends Forever" also offers impressive production values. The cinematography is stunning, with atmospheric lighting and moody visuals that effectively set the tone for the series. The soundtrack complements the on-screen action perfectly, enhancing the overall mood and atmosphere of the show.

Additionally, the series does an excellent job of building suspense and suspense, keeping viewers hooked from start to finish. Each episode ends with a cliffhanger, making the audience eagerly await the next episode. The pacing is tight and well executed, ensuring there is never a dull moment.

Overall, "Dead Friends Forever" is a must-watch series for mystery, supernatural and drama fans. With its lovable characters, engaging storyline, and atmospheric setting, this film offers a captivating viewing experience that will leave you wanting more. Whether you're a fan of the genre or just looking for an interesting and in-depth story, this series is sure to satisfy.
This review may contain spoilers
Bad Ending ruined Best Drama

To be very honest, i liked this series very much till the episode 10, everything was so perfect story, direction, moral values, characters, their acting everything. All was on top and so thrilles and excited. But then they messed up with the story writing. I last episode the ending was worst. If i see it only on the baises of direction and acting it was good. But the story and ethics are dead somewhere. It seems some rushy to end the series.
They killed the story line, the justice, the kindness, morals, goodness etc. They killed all good values in the last episode. The person who was victim. I didn't thik this was the right justice to him. A person (white) who was purely innocent, got dead just because he fallen in love for wrong person. I think now he is also a victim. People who were real culprits (Tee, Jin) are shown to get out and alive and People were just involved in bully they all got killed. And the person who said, he loved Non very much, is in love with the person (jin) who ruined his boyfriend's life completely. And now he is seeing happy future with Him. Wow, wonderful, bravo. And lastly. A borther who loved his brother and seeking revenge for his borther, he got killed. I am not saying his way was good to take revenge but i don't think he deserves to get killed. He lost his whole family brother, mom, dad and last his own life. Very disappointed drama. As per the series if Phee, Jin and tee deserve to be alive for there doing and i don't think others (fluke, Por etc) deserve to die. Specially white. A part from this story writer if i talk about acting all the actors played very good and amazing job Specially Non ( barcode). Best actor in the drama. But i am really so disappointed with the writer. He runied everyones efforts with last 2 episodes. Due to this rating is decreasing. This series deserve a better ending not this. I hope writer will adhere it for future.
Must watch if you are into bls with plot not revolving around ships

I love this series, especially after ep 5 , the first 4 eps can be underwhelming especially for the genre (horror / thriller) but after ep 5 the story starts to pick up in very in ways that is very investing , i personally loved it , warning tho No character is full white or black all of them are grey the series make it very clear , if you are not into it better not watch it . Also some scenes of great importance to the plot can be rather underwhelming but it's realistic ig .
The level of production, cinematography is really good as expected from Be on cloud .
The acting of Barcode, Bump & Mio is really good and this is mio & bump 's first series too

IN CONCLUSION WATCH IF YOU ARE MORE INTO PLOTS THAN SHIPS AND NEED SOMETHING DIFFERENT FROM TYPICAL BLS
Messy and Gory Fun!

I will be the first to say that this drama was downright confusing af at times, and it often felt like they were digging their heels in down to the last second, trying to come up with ways to fill the runtime. But for someone like me who is not a Horror fan to like a Horror drama and a gory Thai one at that? That is an accomplishment.

This was all kinds of fucked up with a confusing-ass final "twist." But I kind of loved it? They had me biting my nails, covering my eyes and peeping through my fingers, and shouting at my screen, "You dumbasses!" every week. And you know what, it was fun not to have high expectations nor be bored but simply just be entertained watching things get messy, more shit be revealed, and how impressively realistic and nasty the effects could get.

Amid all this, I do think there is a message to be found here. I didn't see it until the end, though.

These teenagers did objectively terrible, even "evil," things to another teenager. A difficult truth to accept, though, is that evil people, or those who do something evil, are not evil 100% of the time. A serial killer can have saved a puppy from getting hit by a car. Does this now make them a good person? No. This just goes to show that people are complex creatures who cannot be boiled down into simple black-and-white categories, as much as we would like them to be.

I absolutely recommend this chaotic disaster of a drama. Mind the gore, though, because there is gore. And face stuff! Watch out for the face stuff!
This review may contain spoilers
Focusing on the ending and ending only.

Okay, as a literature major with a passion for psychological thrillers and horrors, I’m gonna be completely honest and very unhinged in this review so be warned, also I’m writing this from memory of the last few episodes so sorry if I forgot or misremembered anything. This is going to be a VERY long review of the final episode including what I though about the fate of every main character (except for Non).

Every character had an ending that corresponded to their role in Non’s death, but I feel like the symbolism could have gone further.

Por- Por was the creator. He oversaw the short film and was the director who wanted to create the film and took over Non’s script as his own. The camera was also his too. Everything technically started with him, he created the situations that caused Non’s downfall, so he was the first to die. He wanted the money back for the broken camera, and in the end he died by Top’s hand, the person who really broke the camera. I think that was a fantastic way for him to go, death by his friends hand without his friend even knowing what he was doing. I was very satisfied in that moment when Top pulled the branch out.

Fluke- Fluke was the observer. He saw and knew everything that happened around him, had he ever spoken up everything would have been different. He saw Top break Por’s camera, he watched Jin record Non and Keng, and yet he continued to stay silent. In the end, he stabbed his own eyes and took his vision away, he can no longer be the observer. But I wish they took it even further, I wanted him to cut out his own tongue or something equally as symbolic. Fluke never spoke up for fear of losing his future as a doctor, now without his sight he cannot become a doctor anyway, and would therefore have no reason to hide anything else. But if his ability to speak was taken away, it symbolises how it is too late, you don’t get to fix things after they already happened, he lost his chance to speak up so now he never gets to speak again. As graphic as that is, I wish they went for that route instead of killing him, I think him staying alive with no real future would have been the greatest punishment for him.

Top- Top was the destruction. He destroyed the camera, he knew about Tee dragging Non into the horse accounts, he knew about Non getting money from the teacher. He was the one who spread the news and picture of Non supposedly running off with Keng that caused Non’s mother and later his father to kill themselves. I’m glad his story ended in his death, but I would have loved it if his death was self-inflicted. Because of the pain he caused others, I wish in those visions he could have taken his own life instead of going down with Fluke.

White and Tee- For me, as much as White’s death broke my heart, it was the perfect punishment for Tee. Tee was the catalyst, the one who put the blame of the broken camera onto Non, who manipulated Non into earning money through his uncle, and who was unwillingly the cause of Non’s death. Tee brought Non into this situation then, despite his best efforts, Non ended up dead. This creates a parallel with White, as Tee brought White into this situation at the house, then unwillingly was the reason White died. Tee, the cause of Non’s suffering, lived. But now he’s stuck with the trauma of killing the one he loved most. But honestly, as much as I’m glad he didn’t die because I think living with the knowledge of what he did was the best form of revenge, they had an amazing opportunity to create a parallel with Tee and his dad, and I’m kind of angry they never took it. I wish, instead of showing Tee lying in his bed and calling out for White, they could have showed him in the same situation we saw from Tee’s dad. Walking along the street, grabbing people and asking for White, destroying people’s property and demanding they bring him to White. Showing that he completely lost his mind, just like his dad, would have been the perfect ending for this show in my opinion.

New/Tan- There were 2 potential endings I wanted to see from him, the first was that he got his revenge and killed everyone in the house before taking his own life, and the second was him living having never got the full revenge he wanted. It’s hard to tell what ended up happening with that open ending, all I know is that whatever happened, I loved it. An open ending to this kind of psychological horror is the perfect way to end this series (but we better get a season 2 or I’ll loose my mind lmao.)

Phee and Jin- I knew from the beginning I wanted everything to end with them. Phee was the main one I wanted to walk away from this mess, not because I like his character, but because I wanted him to live with his own actions. He couldn’t see what New was planning until the last moment and things were taken way too far because of his inaction, people are dead because of him. Regardless of whether they deserved it or not, their blood is also on Phee’s hands. I also kind of wanted Jin to survive as well. If Tee was the catalyst, then Jin was the final straw, recording and uploading that video was Non’s breaking point. The original ending I had in mind was for Phee and Jin to have walked away from the house and gotten to safety thinking everything was over, only to discover that things aren’t always what they seem. Generally speaking, BOC managed to create that ending for me which I loved, but I’m still not completely satisfied. If they are still at the house, why would there have been a 2 year time skip? I don’t understand where they were going with this, and I wish Phee and Jin walked away with more obvious and permanent injuries. Something like a lost hand, or large scar on their face, something that they will carry with them wherever they go and remain permanent reminders of everything that happened, reminders of Non and his fate. Truthfully speaking, I thought this would end with Phee having secretly been the mastermind behind everything so it’s difficult to comment on how else I imagined the ending when I really thought Phee might be the one to kill Jin.

My final thoughts were that the theories for this series were better than the actual ending, and either the open ending was in preparation for a second season, or BOC really just didn’t know how to end this series. Either way, there was a lot that could have been improved but I’m very satisfied with this series overall and I’ll definitely be rewatching this at a later date.
Not a thriller, but a terror with a lot of gore

As a thriller/suspense book lover, I would say, "If you are looking for a solve the mistery, people planning smartly to behave partners or a cativating story, that's not the one."

First of all, Barcode did an amazing job. It was my first time watching him, and I could understand how hard his role could be making a fast comparison with his colleagues' same vibes scenes. You'll get what I mean if you watch it.

But, besides the romance in the beginning, witches I consider too shallow, I didn't really get the warmess of everyones relationships because they keep skipping time to expose the story to you.

All you have to do is accept, it might be shocking, it might not. But you must endure all the blood spilled on your face and feel bad about things they don't even let you know yet. I understand why the production chose to show this way, but I can't stop thinking that they could do better.

Changing every time who's the guilty one made me hate every character and see that much self-harm just banalized the end of the story.

At some point, it doesn't matter how it is going to end because everything could happen since nothing did once go well for them. They don't even care for each other, don't look like friends. That's all on exposure's back.

As my review the series isn't clear, isn't relevant.

Just a reminder: That's my opnion, I would love to watch more Thai Horror Series in future. Support always the cast, they deserve love (not only the one who I praised, they all worked hard) <3
an interesting project that got lost in the woods

Oh boy, what to even say. When I started watching Dead Friend Forever, I was having such a wonderful time. A fun, if not particularly original, concept, a familiar cast (for those who watched The Hidden Character), and the promise of lots of bloody, vengeful violence promised a great time. I had a whole murder board of clues going and did weekly recaps with my friends. For a while, this was one of the best titles on a line up of five or six actively airing shows! And then.... it really went wrong. DFF feels like a major case of "bit off more than they could chew" from every department.

-The Full Review-

STORY:
While there were a few high points, the story for Dead Friend Forever was incredibly uneven. Some characters, like Non and Tee got beautiful and moving individual story arcs that really explored the depths of their guilt, anger, and pain. Some characters, like White, Fluke, and Top barely manage to scrape their way out of the second dimension. The writers never quite managed a competent ensemble, and most characters had little to no connection to each other despite being friends for years through extremely traumatic events.
On a grander scale, the plot was... even worse. The authors had a horrific over-reliance on flashbacks. The worst example being a detailed flashback after a "Previous Episode" segment that contained most of the same clips, forcing the audience to watch them Twice in a Row. I hate this device because it creates one certain history (as opposed to allowing characters to lie/misremember) and denies the audience the more interesting scene of getting to watch the characters argue it out and react to the various betrayals and shocks.
Finally, I won't spoil the details of the ending, but a single prop/plot washed out so many of the intriguing clues and mysteries with a singular (and pretty stupid) answer. I used to look forward to rewatching this series to see the little pieces and exchanges I missed, but it slowly became clear that... that wasn't really going to be a concern anymore. Most of those "clues" are just red herrings for the audience to chew on while they wait for the grand reveal.

ACTING:
Let's start with the good! Barcode is a phenomenal talent, as always. Non proved to be a monster of a demanding, tragic role, and Barcode handed him very ably despite his youth and relative inexperience. While some of the "horror" scenes got a little repetitive (mostly due to the authors), all of the most emotional and raw scenes were really beautiful. He's a joy to watch. JJay and Ta were powerful acting partners for him, rising to create some truly genuine interactions that carried the heart of the story. Fuaiz and Bump continue to improve as well.
The rest of the time.... Yikes. Despite an over-reliance on flashback (as opposed to watch two characters have a difficult conversation), the acting still managed to be largely melodramatic with a lot monotone shouting and unnatural flailing. In some of its worst moments, it was difficult to tell (even broadly) what emotion a character was supposed to be portraying. I never did decide if some of these relationships were genuine? Friends with benefits? Revenge? It was that unclear (in the acting). I think that the stakes in this show were simply too high and too distant for a largely rookie cast to grasp effectively.

PRODUCTION:
For the most part, Dead Friend Forever provides its usual level of quality expected by a Be On Cloud production. Lighting, set dressing, costumes, and props all look great (with a few minor continuity errors that we mostly found because we were looking so hard for clues!)! It was a joy to pick out little details around the set that enhanced the story and provided clues. I don't have an issue with the quality of the show here. That said, editing could have used some work. I know this genre deliberately obscures, but time and distance became so unclear that it genuinely began affecting my understanding of the story.

INTIMACY:
:/ I was not a fan of the way intimacy was handled in this show. Most of the NC scenes did not connect smoothly with the plot (Why did we need a Tee/White sex scene?) or the choices being made for specific characters outside of their NC scenes (Phee is... different in the sheets, I guess?). I don't think this story was the appropriate place for "sex for sex's sake" intimacy, as it was NOT a romance, and I don't know that they adequately justified (most of) the NC scenes they did choose to include. I would have liked to see more thought and work go into connecting these moments to characters involved and the relevant plot.

In all, I have actively withdrawn my recommendation of this title to most of my friends. I will definitely not be so hasty to recommend an unfinished show from this team again.
This review may contain spoilers
exciting yet disappointing but somehow good idk

This was something very new. I love some thriller and dark stuff but they rarely make scary or dark themed BLs so I was really happy when this came out. The mask that haunted them was ACTUALLY scary. The whole plot of seeking revenge was so exciting. My problem with the show was the fact that they made me hate Tee, Jin, Top, Fluke and Por [since they were pieces of shit and were responsible for Non's miserable life and death] so all I wanted was revenge, just like Non and Phee and Tan did. And I was loving everything, because I thought the show was going in that direction until the end, but then they started throwing some flashback so we would feel sorry for Tee and started putting Phee and Jin together, like... No. Jin was actually one of the worst among all of them, but I guess the public will forgive him since "he did it because he loved non" haha lol gross. At the end I hated everyone but White and he was hurt so I got mad. I wish Non was still alive, but that won't be possible. The ending was interesting because they probably never left the house, but I'm too mad to think of a new season that could probably not even have Barcode.

About the acting, Barcode did everything. Honestly he deserves an award, he was absolutely spectacular. I have no words to describe how good he was, cause he just delivered the most crazy character of BeOnCloud.
This review may contain spoilers
Be on Cloud's Attempt at Scripting a Thriller Fails

“Dead Friend Forever” (DFF) started out rather slowly paced, gained a lot of momentum in the middle, however, by episode 8, the show provided too much unnecessary exposition and plot that did not quite tie in, and fell short in their resolution which resulted in a subpar finale. However, as a slasher/horror series, it delivered on the scares, gore, and delved into the horrors of the human mind which acts as a cautionary tale against bullying and being complicit in the face of others’ wrongdoings.

Read the complete article here-

https://the-bl-xpress.com/2024/03/21/dead-friend-forever-series-review-ep-4-to-12/
Highs and lows series

For a horror, I was scared or had goosebumps just for the first two episodes and then it was quite dragged until ep 6 with the backstory and reveal of the culprits behind Non's disappearance. It was entertaining and Barcode did fucking great job! But then when it returned to their timeline, I was quite disappointed with how it was solved. New was a maniac but random killing few people, even White who didn't even freaking know Non, was bullshit tho Top with his wounds wouldn't get out but it could end better way like Phee's father could come for them and take them to hospital which would finally end this crazy manslaughter but instead it end with an open ending and what for? Guessing if they got out or not? It's not really satisfying and half of the final episode was just about what we saw before but different. The hallucinations didn't have to be shown when we knew Non's taking revenge on them in all of the hallucinations which they had and instead someone could finally take them out and end the case but otherwise I really enjoyed the series and actors' chemistry with each other.
Series my goût

The cost of renting equipment is very high, the crew and the actors will be under a lot of pressure. Here are the young men. I'm very proud of them. These are the boys who are more beautiful than the F4 flowers. I feel they are equally beautiful. It says F4 but in heart there is only one person CopperPhuriwat Right from the first pilots I noticed he Since then I've been looking to learn about him. I've seen him in Our days and tiktok. In the previous series, he was a cute boy in every action. In DFF, he's more mature and charming.BoC must win the lottery to get him a beautiful son with a good family background Being obedient and having a good personality will win the love of many people I want this to be the first of many of my next films, it must be very famous, my dear
This review may contain spoilers
SEASON 2 WHEN??

I have so many thoughts and feelings about this show, it was so entertaining and I would get so excited every time a new episode aired. Anyone who likes plot twists, thrillers, or revenge plots need to watch this immediately. Also some of the best acting I've seen in a while from multiple people in the cast! I felt so bad for Non, so many people treated him horribly. Even though I like Ta and Copper together and their chemistry is good, I wasn't a PheeJin fan because I gradually started disliking Jin as the episodes went on. The character who interested me the most was surprisingly Tee, even though he definitely had the most to do with what happened to Non, you can tell that he is a victim of his surroundings. He was such a well-written character where you strongly dislike (for obvious reasons) but can still understand (most of) his actions. Based off the finale, there has to be a second season coming and I'm also very excited for that and hope it keeps the magic that the first season had. And I hope that New/Tan is actually alive...
I FUCKING LOVE DFF

i fucking LOVE dff. great ass show.

it is a good show because i love jjfuaiz :) jjfuaiz is dominating the bl industry with their passionate acting and overwhelming chemistry that exceeds the limits of language and culture. They are truly a revolutionary pair and exactly what we needed after builds fatass left boc and we lost soldiers (biblebuild)

Jjfuaiz is singlehandedly saving us from the trenches and dragging our asses to freedom and victory. God bless jjfuaiz. ? Jjfuaiz is the napoleon and josephine of our time, absolute true heroes.

Jjfuaiz are BEASTS when it comes to acting. they are cooking up a storm everytime the camera is on those two. “let daddy cook”? no. let jjfuaiz cook. theyre the goats of the industry for REAL and nothing will ever top their absolute W A+ tier acting.

i FUCKING love dff.
When 6 eps feels like 12…

I can’t believe this series is only 1/2 way through.

It feels like these 6 episodes have taken an eternity- even skipping some of the over-acted hysterics, bad direction, repetitive and ridiculous ad-libbed dialogue, and choppy pacing.. ugh, my head hurts..

My one takeaway is that everyone’s acting has improved since the Hidden Character..

If you want to watch a Thai killer- thriller that is smartly written and well-paced, with a sinister, creepy vibe, watch Delete..

I tore through that in one night.. it was perfection..
Great acting and well written BL series, unique and one of a kind.

I'd highly recommend the series because all the actors have put in tremendous hard work and it was really well done even though some aspects didnt sit right with me, I genuinely enjoyed most of it especially episodes 1-7 where phenomenal a 10/10 for real. The storyline towards this end did get a bit questionable but the beginning episodes were enough for us to be hooked on to it. The cinematography was one of kind with amazing editing, the bl series wasnt cheaply done and when you watch it you will definitely know.
The actors really put out amazing performances even though most of them were rookies.
This show is definitely award winning in my opinion as it ticked all the criterias for me.
Please do watch this series because it's not like other bl series that we normally get this is different and spectacular.
This review may contain spoilers
Great series with some flaws

Before this review begins...
I LOVE Dff the series. Amazing.
....
I, a fan of horror, mystery, BL, GL, comedy, and romance, finds this series exciting and believe itwill appeal to different tastes....

The series started well. The actors did a good job playing the characters. And, let's give hats off to P'Barcode because I don't think anyone else could have matched the pain, agony, or sadness that Non felt throughout the series with no one to support him by his side. He killed his role.
I loved every character, and It was impossible to hate any....except Uncle Joe(you will know if you watch).
Even the ending was great. I loved it, but I would have loved it even more if Non was alive(Yes....He ded 0_0) What really shook me was that they never stopped hallucinating.
Now, let me get to the reasons why this series did not get a 10.
There were flaws despite the things I liked in this series.
1) It absolutely got me embarrassed that no on found out about the camera. Like, how did no one know about it till the end? My guy, Por didn't even get to know the truth before he perished into hell.
2) Fluke was blamed for nothing. Yeah, say I'm nagging, I don't care. Fluke did nothing too horrendous, from the beginning. All he did was call Non 'Greasy'(like everyone else did) and he was extremely selfish. He didn't do anything that physically harmed Non, he was just...there. He's a coward. A selfish damn COWARD. That's it.
3) Tee doesn't trust his friends with his baby boy. Like.....how da..? Why? To be honest, it's not like they were gonna make a move on him. Also, I'm sure White could defend himself. Besides, what could they have done? Nothing.
4) Still thinking Non should have been alive.
5) Dat ending was disappointing as fook. I need a season 2 or an explanation for it. A special episode at best.

Despite all of that, I loved the series. Tore through it in two days, and trust me, that's not normal for me. Loved it<3 and hope for a season 2, because, boi dat ending was not satisfying. (I swore to sleep myself across the face if I didn't like the ending, and I had to slap dem face of mine?)
This review may contain spoilers
DFF tried too hard to be different

This series has probably the worst case of plot development/planning I’ve seen recently. The main issue is the wish to be different and way too mysterious. BoC loved saying this was the first BL with a murder mystery and that’s where they got it wrong. The first 4 episodes are terribly boring. Nothing really happens, while a lot of things happen. But how? It’s all filler.
Once the flashbacks are introduced, the series is light years ahead in terms of quality and actually starts to have a story. Episode 5, out of 12, is when the series really happens for me. BoC missed the mark by not including flashbacks since the first or second episode. We don’t even meet the main character, Non, until episode 5, that’s a bad move.
Regarding the ending, everybody dies is the best case scenario. I didn’t think BoC would actually go for it. The only character I could see living and it working well would be Tee. Being alive is his big punishment after causing everything that happened and literally killing his boyfriend, the only innocent person. Saving Jin would be a major letdown, since he actively caused Non’s spiral and helped destroy his life with that video. All because he was jealous.

I love Barcode’s original song for the series.
what was that endinggggg

this show started off with such a great potential, i was really intrigued and the story line was really interesting but the final episode turned that around. the whole episode made me incredibly confused and explained absolutely nothing, its really a waste of such a good show to end it like this. i’m also so disappointed with phee’s character.. overall 11/12 episodes were really good but.. yeahhhh it just feels like a waste. i must say with such a young cast they all did a really good job especially mio portraying tan/new
Mediocre

It's a good thing that someone took a step to make horror with gay characters but that doesn't mean I will ignore the obvious plot holes, unnecessary and abandoned plot devices that were completely forgotten out of nowhere...the ending is quite fitting for a horror-thriller if done correctly...but it was not done properly with many loose ends...too many questions were left to be answered to call it an open ending, rather call it and incomplete ending...open endings does not work like that...seemed like the writer didn't know what to do with it anymore...
as someone said in the comment section that the writer of this show has a tendency to do that as the same thing happened in manner of death...she did not improve at all rather worsened a bit...I see her potential so if she really tries I think she can do a good job...some actors really did good but some of them were overdoing it time to time...but overall it was okay...
As a huge fan of suspense thriller horror etc genre I hope that upcoming projects of this genre will be better...

In conclusion the comment section was much more interesting...so many creative people...so many weird people...
Very bad at the beginning, much better afterwards but an unexceptional ending

It gets off to a very bad start: messy, excessive, directionless and, frankly, not very well acted (these actors generally have trouble with intense scenes). I almost gave up.

Then the story takes a step backwards, and the story becomes more interesting. The whole is much more coherent and we begin to understand. There's a desire to get away from the traditional Manichean schema, and this complexity is welcome. Karma plays its part, which is logical for a Thai series.

But the last episode ruins it a little. The aftermath should be more developed and - without wishing to spoil anything - the very end is rushed through with more questions than answers. I'm okay with an open ending, but this one's just too confusing.

In short, this could have been a great show; in the end, it's just okay.
After that finale i got fucking noooooothing ??????????

Just finished episode 8 and it has me in my fucking feelings. My baby NON. everybody he trusted turned on him Everybody. Even though phi decided to fight for him in the end he still walked away when he needed him the most but his hurt was justified, but you see that Teacher, Tee, Jin, Por, Top, fluke all of them needs to die. Non is no saint but he didnt deserve that from them. For people to sympathize with jin has me confused. The apauler is worst than the theif. He did not just stand by while Non was being bullied. All of them needs to fucking die and i hope tan is non brother and phi there for revenge. As the lady said in GOT let it burn. Just finished episode 10 and they all still needs to die Just finished episode and am like WTF ENDING IS THAT
This review may contain spoilers
Intruging premise that fell flat

Wanted something a little more dark for Halloween and was recommended this series. I went into this completely blind and had little to no expectations for it, but was somehow still disappointed.

WHAT I LIKED:
— Interesting and intriguing premise
— Barcode’s acting. this was my first time seeing seeing him act and he definitely stole the show.
— Liked how they were not afraid to depict flawed and downright heinous main characters.
— When Ta (Phee) and Mio (Tan) were introduced in the middle of the story with their real motivations, it truly felt like the turning point of the show and when you can see the revenge plot actually start.
— Unpopular opinion maybe, but I liked the ending. Love how it tied back to Non’s actual script in the sense that no one ever really leaves. It nicely added to the dread and mystery of the story. Plus, it was a very fitting end to..most the characters. (White deserves better lol)

WHAT I NOT SO LIKED:
— First few episodes felt boring and directionless. nothing really peaks your interest to keep going.
— Revealing one of the main characters/antagonist, Non, so far into the story was not a smart choice pacing wise.
— The horror/gore element felt cheap and poorly executed at times. Like I’m sorry, I could NOT take a scene seriously with that damn mask on screen. other times, the deaths/blood/injuries just felt out of place and unnecessary. I get this is a horror/thriller, but sometimes it just felt “bloody for the sake of being bloody” with no actual direction.
— A lot of the acting, specifically when characters were supposed to feel terror, heartbreak, or were crying, felt extremely underwhelming and awkward.
— Although I did like the ending, there were too many plot holes and loose ends to even call it an open/ambiguous ending. More like incomplete ending. It being so rushed left me wanting more from it.

OVERALL:
The series tried…and fell flat. Props to the actors for doing what they could with what they were given, but unfortunately, it could not save the story for me. I would not rewatch nor recommend this, but I do hope this series opens the door for others to try something different in BL dramas like this again.
This review may contain spoilers
Where to start?

This show has taken me on a roller coaster for really wow just finished it and I have so many questions.

The series was really good different from any BL series which is good horror/mystery and BL a prefect combination. If you looking for something different then this is the show for you.

Starting off with Non! Absolutely loved him from the beginning he was just a typical kid trying to fit in and make friends and with that I sympathize with him cause everyone wants to fit and belong. Now he was too trusting and that was his downfall and I understand that as well he was just innocent and a pure soul. I didn’t like how they used him and later died got something he didn’t do. #justiceforNon

Phee makes me so at the end I loved him in the beginning with his relationship with Non and then there was doubt and trust issues within the relationship and that is also unhealthy. When New and Phee come up with their plan and it works and things unfold in the end it seemed that Phee is willing to betray P’New but forgive Tee nah that was not cool at all.

New, the brother that looked for justice got his was my favorite I loved him until the end of the show wow wow he is your ride or die kind of person all he did was try to find answers on what happened. Now he was left all alone no brother, mother or father it was so sad and I cried the most for him like it was just so so sad ?. Loved him till the end.

All of Non’s friends were not friends they were terrible until the end all looking out for themselves and they died in the end. Jin, Tee, Top, Fluke and Por just terrible friends.

In the end it was all a hallucination and they didn’t make it out of there so it makes you wonder what happened? But White didn’t deserve to die at all he was an innocent baby.

Overall it was a good series and I recommend it! It gives you a taste of something different if you like mystery stores plus BL!
Should have kept it simple

I wasn't quite sure what to expect going in to DFF, but it really got me hooked in the first episode. Though there were some frankly unnecessarily explicit sex scenes for a thriller, the setup to the plot was done really well.

Eight college friends take a trip to one friend's house in the woods, where there's no internet or cell service, to get away from the stress of school and have a big party before one of them goes off to study abroad. Our main(ish) character Phee (Ta) finds an old recording of a short film that 5 of the friends had made back in high school - but there's a 6th friend in the video that Phee doesn't recognize. That 6th person is Non (Barcode), who went missing after filming. The vibe turns eerie as they attempt to remake this short film, only to feel as though they're being watching. Suddenly, bad things start happening, and with no way to contact others, the 8 friends are left stranded, scared for their lives.

I assumed this show would take the typical cabin-in-the-woods horror movie idea and turn it into a TV show. However, the plotline started to become overly complex as it delved into the backstory of the original short film. Breaking up the tension at the cabin really did a disservice to this show, as it felt like it had to do a lot of explaining over the course of multiple episodes just to get the audience to understand what was happening. I felt like I was waiting to get out of the flashbacks and back to the cabin to figure out what was happening. I think they attempted to make this show overly complex, which ended up not working in their favor. There were too many characters and too much messy backstory for what could have been a really great thriller. Not to mention, the show gets really gore-heavy towards the end. However, as I expected from beoncloud, the budget was clearly pretty high for this one and the effects and production were great, as was the acting. I think they lost themselves in the story a little, but it was still very enjoyable to watch.
This review may contain spoilers
Actually pretty well done

Going into this I didn't really know what to expect. There was quite a bit of hype built around it when it first came out so I was quite excited to watch it.

The story is very interesting. It's new and I think they did a pretty good job in developing it. We get various characters, all with their own individual flaws and baggage. You come to despise the characters(which is not a bad thing at all obviously, especially when the characters are inherently bad people) as the story continues and we unpack this very complicated, layered story. When we are first introduced to the couple Tee and White I was so in love. And then when Tee's personality is given to us I was just hoping they wouldn't show any more romance between them cause I knew I wouldn't be able to enjoy it BUT they managed to use the romance to add more devastation which I thought was actually genius. It's not just a stupid romance in the midst of this disaster, but rather used as Tee's and White's worst fears and punishments.
The ending I thought was perfect. Like I was not expecting that at all and it suited the storyline I think.

The production was really well done. I don't know if I'm insane, but at the beginning of the drama the camera work takes on the 'found footage' style when we have super dramatic scenes like running in the woods and fighting/arguments. The camera shakes a lot and follows the actors in this almost rapid way that gives off the impression that it's not by a professional camera crew, that we as the audience just happen to be stumbling upon what's happening to these boys in the woods. And then as we go back to the past, and more of the story comes out we go back to that production and camera style we are used to and I thought that was a cool touch(if I registered that correctly).
They also really managed to give the drama this eerie, uncomfortable feel to it that I really liked. They really had me flitching away and genuinely scared.

I thought the acting was good, especially taking into account that most of them are very new actors. I was more impressed by how great they did in really dramatic scenes that need really good acting to pull off like in the last episode. Mio left a wonderful impression on me, I think he did an absolutely great job.

This was actually a pretty good watch, I really enjoyed it. i think they really did the plot justice.
This review may contain spoilers
Exciting and Great Show but Bad Ending..

I really Love it, But.. I really didn't like the Ending.. It's So Bad, I had a very small hope that the ending would be better than that.. In order to avenge his brother's death, Tan caused the death of innocent people.

I feel sad to Phee and Jin.. White Too, He was so innocent and cute..
Tee was bad but.. He got a Bad life, Bad uncle.. His life was tough and it made him do this, Still tried to fix what could be fixed, but unfortunately he was unable to do so.
Disturbing and unpleasant, but not bad.

An interesting concept for a story. Its strong qualities I'd say laid on the plot and the character writing. They portrayed well the disgusting and shameful part of society, giving a sense of realism to the show, which is something that I appreciated. However, the thriller part lacked in both acting and execution. On the drama part the performances were actually good, but the genre of thriller is a bit more demanding. In many scenes the emotions of terror, anguish and agony either felt extreme or underwhelming. Fuaiz and Ta were the only ones who rose to the occasion and acted very naturally with convincing reactions. For me, a better guidance from the director or choosing more experienced actors on that part might have done the trick. So it's a yes to the story and the plot, but no to the direction and acting on the thriller part.

I would recommend it to anyone who likes darker stories, though. The drama part is actually pretty good and worth giving it a shot.

PS: It's one of those shows that you might need a second watch just to pay attention to the details and the character reactions on the early episodes.
This review may contain spoilers
Amazing but a bit confusing for me

BeOnCloud have done it again. The budget budgeted, the acting was incredible and there were the perfect amount of NC scenes. As someone that came form Kinnporsche, it was so great to see more of Barcode as well as Us and 2J. The production and direction was perfect.
The only thing is that I need to rewatch it because watching each ep weekly meant I ended up SO confused as I'd forgotten what happened the week before. I didn't understand the ending at all, and in my opinion the storyline got complicated (doesn't mean it was! I mean that it was complex and makes you think but it was very interesting, I just had a weak brain and memory between eps), I didn't know what was a flashback, what was a hallucination etc. If I rewatch it all in one go I'm sure it will make more sense, but honestly the story seemed a bit convoluted at times.
It was so powerful though, it really had me questioning the morals of all characters - I was feeling sympathy for characters that had done awful things, and White's death had me sobbing SO HARD (he was the only one that didn't deserve anything to happen to him).
Basically, I got confused and still am a bit, but the actual show was phenomenal. Acting, production, special effects, maturity: all perfection. I can't wait for more series from BOC.
Rollercoaster Ride

This started out interesting, slowed down, got emotionally disturbing, then downright insane.

I ended up liking this and all of the effort the boys put into making this. My biggest problem with this was the confusion caused by constant flashbacks. I had a hard time keeping the timeline straight.

Let me say this made me cry so hard. I had strong emotions about each and every actor in this series. Whether it be love, hate, pity, or utter contempt. I usually cry pretty easily while watching emotional series but never have I been driving home from work and thought about what I had seen and burst out crying in the car.

I don’t know that I can recommend this to anyone. I’m still traumatized and don’t really wish this on anyone else. Maybe you are tough enough to handle it.
Good but could have been better

Although Be On Cloud come in for a fair amount of criticism they do need credit for doing some different things.
On the whole I did enjoy this series though the execution was a bit messy and with a slpit personality having a completely different feel to the countryside and school based sections
It didn't get off to a great start with the audience being thrown into the deep end with scenes involvong 8 of the main characters -and it took a while to actually get to know each of them, and they did overdo the hand held camera style in trying to give it a dramatic style.
I don;t think I would really class this a s a BL more as a drama with some gay characters as that aspect doesn't really play a major part much of the time, however when there were kissing/NC scenes at least they were more realistic as per KinnPorsche and not like on GMMTV.
The bullying was almost uncorfortable to watch at times but Barcode really stood out frrom the rest with his acting peformance particularly in episode 11.
So obviously a 2nd series is planned though possibly a big loss with Copper moving abroad so I guess he might not be in it.
Le pongo un 9, como el año que viene no haya segunda temporada voy a volver y le voy a poner un 1.

Le pongo un 9, como el año que viene no haya segunda temporada voy a volver y le voy a poner un 1.
................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................Read More

IM
0 people found this review helpful
Other reviews by this user
8 days ago
12 of 12 episodes seen
Completed  0 
Overall9.0
Story9.0
Acting/Cast7.5
Music5.5
Rewatch Value1.5
This review may contain spoilers
My fav character bro ?

I HATEEE this show, literally had me balling my eyes out a minute ago and everytime I get flash backs my eyes water again like WHYY Ykw this ain’t even a bad show, I’ll just pretend the last ep doesn’t exist, atp everyone that survived should of died cus why are we killing the person who had NOTHING to do with it whatsoever and was the most innocent character in all of this bro. Literally I’m still in shock but anyways it had me invested until I saw the last ep. You can tell I just wanted to vent but anyways yea ??
This review may contain spoilers
Okeeiiii..it really hurts

Okeii .....I was really hesitant about this series but after reading the review I decided to watch it and literally completed under two days.but I wish shouldn't have watched it ..... Actually before watching the series I had got many and many spoilers ....but after watching it .....it feel like spoilers are not that bad because I was really for all the emotional scene or any other scene ...They all are the as*****s and even don't want to talk or write about them.i think white and new/tan deserved more .sorry to say but I really hated phee.he should continue to help tan instead of falling in love with jin.and the most I hate is jin....he said he loved non and what the hell did he done ...ok last not the least non is also not that good ...but I can understand him when h got to the darkest part or time of his life and that teacher helped him...but I m not saying that everyone should cheat only. And the others(tee,por ,fluke,) they are just as*****s......I really felt bad for me/tan,white and the family of non.....
..


I only want to say that ....if someone is hesitant to watch this series it is best not to watch it....i kinda feel that I shouldn't have watched this series......because everyone is?
This review may contain spoilers
Non/New were done dirty and the ending is dumb

While the series did start off a little silly and campy, I actually enjoyed it at face value for what it was. However, when the story starts to backtrack to the past explaining what happened with their old "missing" friend Non. It started to become much more different and interesting from your typical slasher-horror genre. The drama between the group of friends and how the story progresses with Non falling into a deeper and deeper pit of unjust situations helps you as the viewer to empathize with Non and despise the group of friends who all had a hand in his downfall. Mio Athens' character Tan, later known as New, was what I was hoping to be the corrector of said injustice brought upon his brother. With the revenge plot twist investing me further into the plot than I already was. So imagine how disappointing it was to watch the final couple of episodes where it feels like it's all thrown out the window. Like many others, the final episode especially felt extremely rushed to me. The hallucination sequences all felt goofy and ridiculous within the final episode as well. And what really dealt the final blow was the "2 years later" bit of the episode where it ends with the most cliche, uninteresting, and basic "Did they really leave, or was it all just another hallucination?" trick. Super boring and unimaginative. Not only that but the death of Non and New had me more mad than anything else in this show. Tee's uncle just gets away with everything and the family is never avenged, which even if it may be realistic, still leaves a sour taste in my mouth that makes me never want to rewatch this series. Overall I appreciated it most for the middle episodes where I felt the story and writing was strongest, it's certainly given me a lot of Mio edits to watch in repeat. 8/10.
This review may contain spoilers
Good overall, but Barcode award worthy performance

For this drama, the title alone would compell me to watch it. The fact that it comes from BOC, the company who gave us KinnPorsche and ManSuang, makes it a mandatory watch. And it was a good watch, but was it up to standard? Well, yes and no. The theme (revenge thriller) is an original choice in BL-land. and for this kind of theme I expect a solid story, taking me to a climax and having me root for one or more characters on the way.

The story is solid enough, theres a clear line, even with the flashbacks and - forwards. But i could not root for any of the characters. They were either too shitty or too obscure to identify with. In the friend group there are a few identifiably archetypical characters, but not all of them are written in to be a real part of the plot. The ones that are essential to the plot are lacking in detail so we're left wondering about motives and patterns, What made Tan/New go so insane? What about Jin makes Phee fall for him?

The only character I could "feel" was Non. Barcode seemlessly goes from sweet and innocent to dramatic and psycho and then to mysterious and sad. It was a thrilling experience that he can do that t such a young age with so little experience. Can't wait to see more of him.

There were some annoying plotholes. What happened to the opening scene? This scene is not in the movie they made and is never mentioned since, What happened to Tee's father? and the most important question: who killed mr. Keng? Since Jin keeps seeing him in the hallucinations, could it be him? And speaking of hallucinations, what kind of stuff is this? And it has an antidote? And it works with just a whiff of it in your nose? But not if you're wearing half a mask? Like I said: annoying and sometimes distracting from the story.

I'm left feeling that if Barcode did not do as well as he did, I might not have enjoyed this series half as much. Go Barcode!
This review may contain spoilers
A surprisingly good revenge story

I really didn't expect to like this one but here I am!

I'll be honest, the horror/gore genre is not really my thing so when it started with a masked killer on the loose à la Scream and some deaths, I wasn't really into it but I continue watching because the story seemed interesting enough - and I was right!

We quickly discover that most of the main characters from the start are all a**holes and we root for the two guys that want revenge (or at least, one more than the other). I was hopeful that White was part of the plan but unfortunately, he wasn't and ended up dead when he was the most innocent one of them all (what a shame...). I've read that some people didn't like what New was doing but I was rooting for him all the way. Okay, he didn't have to kill them all but it was actually very satisfying to watch them suffer (pardon my sadomasochism). As for Phee, I really liked him until he fell for Jin which was - I think - a betrayal on New's revenge. Does he deserve what happens to him? I don't think so but I would have it liked better if he was totally on New's side and not spilling the beans as soon as he's alone with Jin...

Concerning the a**holes (that's how I'm going to refer to them), none of them deserved mercy. Top was one of the worst because he was the cause of all Non's problems as he was the one breaking the camera (just because of his ego) and being the coward he is, he couldn't come clean to Por and had to find a scapegoat.
Tee is not too close on the scale of being an a**holes as he is the one that led Non into his trap and used him for his uncle's benefits. And even though, they tried to bring sympathy for him by telling his backstory, I couldn't forgive him for what he did to Non - he is still the main reason why Non dies in the first place as he is the one who drugged him and brought him up to his uncle (while knowing perfectly the consequences of his actions - he can't convince me otherwise).
Por is at the top with Top and Tee. The three of them were the ones buliiying Non the most by calling him Greasy and treating him like he was nothing. He used him to his own advantage and I don't care that it was because he wanted the acknowledgement of his father. He's just a rich kid with rich problems and I couldn't care less about him.
People won't probably agree with me but, to me, Fluke is the worst of them all. Yes, he did nothing but that's the whole problem. He is as guilty as the others and the fact that he wanted to be a doctor is even worse! Because how can you want to be someone that helps people when you're part of a bully group. That's just hypocrisy. Also, the looks he gave Non was not pity at all (unlike Jin). So he didn't even regret seing all those things and doing nothing. He just let it happen and he's the biggest a**holes in my opinion. Especially when he's the one that probably killed Por just because he was about to talk a little - I know Por was gonna die anyway but he literally shook him when he had a stake in his stomach just to shut him up. He also took the gun from White and pointed it at him when he had absolutely no reason to act this way. He's the worst.
At last, Jin... I kind of liked him at the beginning as he was the only one nice to Non and he genuinely seemed to like him. BUT! Who stays friends with the bullies of their crush? That's the question that I was asking myself the whole time because, I'm sorry but, why did he stay friends with those a**holes when he witnessed how they were bullying Non - whom he was supposed to like!!! He witnessed the whole thing and did nothing! Also, he made Non's life worse after recording that video just because he was mad that what? Non didn't like him back? Anyway, they tried to make him a good guy in the drama by shipping him with Phee but this couple didn't work for me after the whole Non's bullying backstory.

I would finish by saying that Non is no angel either. I was really rooting for him at the beginning as he was bullied and used by those a**holes but... the fact that he cheated on Phee - who was the only one that was loving him for who he was and wanted to help him - I couldn't be on his side anymore. Also, he continued being used by his bullies even though he knew they didn't consider him as a friend and I couldn't understand why he stayed with them when he could've changed school and be with Phee.

To conclude on that, I really liked this drama and I recommend it to anyone who likes revenge stories. I am also glad to see Barcode and Ta in another series after KinnPorshe. I already liked Ta as Macau but I didn't quite like Barcode as Porschay. In this series, however, he really shines and shows that he can play other roles than the innocent boy who falls in love with the bad guy (calm down, I know Kim wasn't a bad guy).

Oh, and I almost forgot: I love the ending. I know a lot of people don't like it but I thought it was very surprising. I also want to know the truth about all of that but it's good that it keeps its mystery.
This review may contain spoilers
What the was with that ending

Do I recommend it? Yes yes I do.
Let's get into it.

Okay so we started out in our time which was kinde interesting because it makes you want to know what happened with non and why he disappeared.

Then we went back in time to where non was stil "part" of the group. What the hell was with the name grease ??‍♀️. You see what happened with the "friends" and the teacher. Little disappointed that it ended like that with the teacher and that we didn't really get a back story about why he was looking into the whole Mafia.

The we go back to the now and that's where it gets weird, by now we know what happened to Non... Or do we.
We know who Phee and Tan really are and we see who the 9th person is.
And then the last episode, and I have no idea how this series ended. Yess I saw the end but they didn't escape? Everyone is dead? Everyone is alive? Who knowes.

Did I like it? Yes. The last episode was hard to watch.
Am I happy with the ending? Well it was interesting but I truly hate open endings like this.
Do I want a special episode? Yes please I need to know what happens next, who died, who survived, is Non still alive? Was it even real or where they hallucinating.
This review may contain spoilers
Great drama, terrible horror

It took me forever to start this series simply because I couldn't get past the first episode.

The problem with Dead Friend Forever is that the horror element here is extremely poorly constructed and executed. At times it felt like the series was going down a path like Nightmare on Elm Street, at other times it felt like Scream and Halloween and sometimes it felt like Bodies Bodies Bodies.

But the reality is that the horror here is from a low-budget school project. The deaths, the makeup, the killer and the mask are all so weak, so silly.

The drama present in episodes 5 to 8 and in episode 11 is simply the best part of the series. And I really wish they had explored this side more and really built a more elaborate suspense and worked the horror in a more psychological way.

Because all the scenes in the country house are terrible and weaken the plot a lot. These scenes can be summed up by the characters screaming and crying and screaming some more (which is done in excess here and is totally annoying). The construction of tension, fear and distrust is poorly executed and is based on the conveniences of the script and a "magic drug" that makes everyone hallucinate about Non.

The two-year time jump is something that cools the plot and I hate it. It makes no sense for Por, Top and Fluke to keep apologizing for hurting Non while they are hallucinating. At no point do they feel any sympathy for him and no drug can force that.

If Phee and Tan had discovered the truth about what happened and revealed it to the group, it would create a much more interesting dynamic.

Because the essential thing in a slasher horror is the suspicion of who the killer is. And that doesn't happen here.

If developed, they would all have motivations. Jin because of the guilt of what he did and because his friends' lie made Non get to that point. Por because Top broke his camera and made him be reprimanded by his father and end up in this mess. Fluke because his friends' lie risked tarnishing his reputation as a future doctor. Phee and Tan for the obvious reasons.

And in the end, all of them in the cabin being hunted by a killer would be amazing. But the deaths are weak (especially Por and Top), the confrontation is simply the characters screaming a lot and there is no tension. The series relies on the drug that Tan created and everything becomes too fantastical.

There really is something very interesting here. I love the middle of the series and Barcode simply shines in an impeccable performance. But it lacks nuance and the foundations of a good horror, it lacks a sharper direction that knew how to develop the plot instead of having the characters yelling all the time and it lacked a cleaner script that really removed all the unnecessary parts and created a bloody revenge drama.

Because that's what this story is. A revenge drama.

But the series mixes countless elements here - slasher horror, psychological horror, supernatural horror and syfy horror and ends up delivering anything. The last episode is a mess and the open end is a big no.

Great performances and an impeccable drama, but it needs a more elegant and precise editing, direction and script to be a good horror series.
This review may contain spoilers
Season 2 is NEEDED!!!

I read that there won't be a second season but honestly the open ending needs clarification imo, ofc it can be up to the audience imagination of what could've happened next but honestly I like having a clear understanding of things and not just something I have to guess or imagine. I know there is a special episode though idek when that will be released or if it's even going to explain anything but I hope it does clarify some things. Now... onto the whole story. First of all, literally everyone except Non, New/Tan and a White (a little) made me the least angry, everyone else deserved to die, now call me harsh or heartless but like they all did Non so wrong, like a whole family was wiped and why? Because they all didn't like Non because he was like the "outcast" of the story. Non deserved so much better and I wish he would've gotten proper revenge. Phee had his reasons to be angry at Non and it's understandable but honestly falling for the dude that lowkey made all hell fall down is just insane. It infuriated me. Jin also understandable why he felt that way when he saw Non and the teacher but like dude you guys weren't dating so like womp womp get over it. Non was literally being manipulated by a whole ass adult when he was in a harsh/stressful position and Mr. Keng took advantage of that and used him, and he was also getting bullied by Jin's friends and all Jin did was talk to Non after all the bullying and telling him that he's on Non's side and blah blah blah instead of actually standing up for him while the bullying was happening, but instead he just stayed back and watched it happen. Nah man. Now Por... not much to say he deserved to die, so glad he did. He was trash. No excuse. Same with Top, total asshole, fucking despise him. Glad he died as well. Fluke, dude was playing it safe while also watching shit go down, he didn't want to get involved in anything but at the same time got involved in everything by watching everything happen and not doing anything about it. Well deserved death too. Now Tee is a weird case, I didn't like him either because he literally did the most damage to Non but he also had his fair share of fucked up shit happening to him and like that explains his behavior but doesn't excuse it, he didn't die but his love did so karma got him good, I'm satisfied with that. Now don't get me wrong, White didn't deserve to die and it was a little sad but I didn't connect with White that much to feel that much towards him dying, literally the whole show just put me in the same mindset that Non's brother had and I just wanted revenge for Non because of how mad all the bullying and mistreating made me feel. Lastly, I hated how Tan died, he didn't deserve that and I wish he had lived. That's the part that made me the saddest and it's mainly because it wasn't just Tan that died, but Tan, Non, and their parents, as I mentioned before a whole family was wiped and for what? Revenge doesn't even describe what they deserve, they need more than revenge that's why I wish there was a second season, and also because of the ending which is basically up to our imagination to guess what could've happened, did they escape? did they not? are they still in the house? did something else happen? who knows??? But anyway, I know i sound like a psychopath with my opinions here but overall it was a good show, it kept me entertained and gave me a lot of emotions, worth the watch, there's a lot of sad scenes and angry scenes, a lot of chemistry and just overall balanced well in all places.
Ethics are dead

Embark on a paranormal journey of revenge to direct us into a deeper and cruel perspective of life -that some people are too corrupted to disregard morals and principles. Honestly, the first few episodes were meh and almost dropped my expectations from the show. Not until the revelation of Non’s backstory happened and everything seemed to get more interesting.

Bullying has continued to ruin several lives since then. The story fueled my anger toward the students knowing that at a young age, these guys are already minions of Satan. Not even a single character from this show is lovable; everyone has a rotted personality. Indeed, birds of the same feather, flock together.

A mess, but the kind of mess that attracts one’s attention. Plot after plot happened but I feel disappointed in how they concluded the show in an open-ended type of finale, without giving proper justice to the victims. I am rooting for New/Tan's vengeance on what happened to his family. He deserves and has the right to be the sole main role here and not anyone else.

Thank you to Jjay for re-introducing me to the show which I used to ignore during its airing period. It was a good drama having a well-established storyline from beginning to end. Yet, the execution was weak to moderate. It has the potential for a sequel that can discuss the aftermath of the chaos in the vacation house, the public sympathy for the fallen victims, and re-surfacing another revenge plot against those who survived the bloody party. And I would like to see the adults too being imprisoned and perish in hell.
This review may contain spoilers
it’s nice and feels different

horror story, but not much of an horror as people are saying, I started watching at 3am, didn’t feel/see the horror.

I really hate the end, WTF was that, they just left us like that, I would have preferred if it ended with investigators/cops arrive at the house to take the corpse of the boys, that way we can be sure they all died at the house or if one survived, instead they just made us know the guys where still in the house and haven’t left yet, so does that mean it wasn’t two years later then, maybe it was just few hours later ? Or was Phee just thinking too much?

personally i could understand why phee believed they were still in that house, after all, with the disappearance/death of 5 people, there’s no way it wouldn’t have been announced, after all, they all had families, even if they don’t, the would have neighbours, someone close to them.


apart from that, it’s a really nice drama, hoping for a part 2/continuation, but not in the form of a series, maybe a shot film that would explain the end like, IS EVERYONE OR DID EVERYONE DIE OR NOT? IF NO, WHO SURVIVED?
I want happy ending . I have lots hope and I want punish all culprit including jin

I like your story too much . But I'm. Very afraid about ending .
I can relate this stroy personal .and I want everyone deserves punishment including jin .
I know first love is so precious no one can take that place .
That' why i request to the director and It's my humble request to you sir please make happy ending and phee and non together at the end. Please otherwise you break lots of heart here??
This review may contain spoilers
The Rating for this should be minimum 8.7 and don't let MDL'S bullsh*t tell you otherwise!

DO NOT SLEEP ON THIS SHOW!
If you like the genre (for the love of common sense remember to READ THE TAGS people) and if you are not 'shipping' obsessed and unable to look beyond actors you like and BL love story tropes...basically, if you like a show that isn't simply a commonplace BL, then this is MUST WATCH. Don't let the rating and the abysmal comment section scare you off either, this show SERVED and THE ENDING HIT JUST FUCKING RIGHT.

When you first watch it, that first ep, you're gonna see the NC scenes and feel like it seems forced and a lot like they're trying too hard to push the BL and sex stuff for the sake of views. RIGHT AND WRONG.
RIGHT about it feeling forced, because they did dump the 'bl sex clickbait' in the first ep for real, but
WRONG because they do it for A GOOD REASON. It's not because they were baiting fans, it's because they wanted to clear up the superfluous romance shipping shit quickly in order to MOVE ON from it. And boy oh boy, did they ever, seeing as how for the rest of the show the shipping stuff gets sidelined and completely trumped and in the end, this show DELIVERED and the ships sinking was all apart of the fun!

THE GOOD/GREAT
- First and foremost, THE ACTING. This is some of the best, if not the absolute best, actual acting I've seen in a Thai BL. I didn't know any of these actors and I honestly don't gaf where they acted before because this is the show from which I will remember their faces. If you watch this and you don't appreciate how well these actors did, this show is WASTED on you.
- The PLOT, from start to finish the amount of intriguing questions and speculation and ideas this show's plot raised was just fantastic. The comment section here quickly turned to a 'mess' because of the conflicting opinions and theories and I'll be honest, if you pay attention to the comments made by non-ship focused users, some of the conversations were really interesting! And yet, even with ALL the speculation, we were all still wrapped up waiting to see what twist was coming next. THAT is good writing, THAT is how you hook your audience.
- NON and TAN/NEW. I mean, these two. The casting of them as brothers??? GOLD. The best part was WE DON'T SEE IT COMING. We pretty much all suspected New was either Tan or White but it still HIT with so much weight when it finally unraveled and the escalation right up until the end was such a sweet, sweet pay off.
- The FLASHBACK scenes and the DRUGGED SCENES revealing their individual guilt, are prime story material in this. Wow. Just. So. On. Point and so well depicted.
- THE HORROR/GORE AESTHETICS AND CINEMATOGRAPHY are all on point!
- The order of DEATH and DOOM. I'ma tell ya'll the truth, for a hot second I was nauseous at the idea of Phi and Jin making it out and ending up together happily, it was so ICK. And I would have deducted a full point if that had been the true ending of this because Jin is trash, like all his friends. Tee appeared to be suffering, well deserved, but Jin walking away when even his internal guilt revealed how shallow he was? I was about to be MAD AF. LOL. But NAH. They didn't do us so dirty! They didn't close this show with some shipping nonsense, they really hinted at it though, just to fuck with us a little more, and then said 'NOPE, IN YOUR DREAMS.' Literally! Because I reckon Jin is the one imagining that sad, pathetic happy ending for himself ?

- MY THEORY: The fake out 'happy ending' is Jin's POV. I think he's likely comatose (possibly induced to stop him from anymore self harm) because Jin's face when Phi ran back into the cabin, did ya'll see that split second expression on his face? Man looked wide eyed and gone! Phi went back in and he took a bottle to the head, and even if he did manage to shoot New, who's to say that what 'happened' next wasn't Phi's injured addled brain trying to sort his shit out, give him hope. I don't think he necessarily got up after shooting New. I don't think he saved Tee before New had strangled him and then New died bleeding out and Jin, Jin is the only survivor, JUST LIKE THE SCRIPT, but he's totally fucked up in the head! And maybe he lost it completely because he went in there and saw everyone dead. SEE what I mean ya'll, the show is done and I'm still over here speculating!!

THE BA...wait, NAH!
- I ain't even mad about that 'unnecessary' sex scene between Phi and Jin, because after that fantastic ending ep it's revealed to us just how wrapped up in the idea of 'love' and 'sex' Jin was. Imo, every scene in this show served a purpose of revealing things about the characters to us, and that sex scene was the only scene I couldn't place until the final ep when I found that that scene explains Jin's level of 'love and sex' focus. First he became romantically invested in Non, who never even showed much interest in him, and then he got mad seeing Non sleeping with someone who wasn't him. That's extreme. Then came along Phi, who did show interest and even slept with him and also said nice words to him and seemed so sincere. I think Jin was really affected by how he felt for Phi, especially after sleeping together. And we've seen that all he needs is a little push to go from 0-100, whether it's for revenge or falling for Phi again. Also, I think that scene was meant to show more insight into Jin's perspective of sex. How he seems himself during sex. Because some of his hallucinations in the final ep matched the viewpoints of the sex scene with Phi. Raises questions. Makes him more layered in a way, a little more interesting. But still very ick.

Okay, now THE BAD:
- The people who watched this for the ships and the actors they 'stan' and could not see beyond it. Yeesh. Just...yeesh.

THE HIGHLIGHT
-The overall QUALITY of a BL slipping so smoothly into a horror/suspense story needs to be appreciated.
- ? THE AMBIGUOUS CONCLUSION ? it wasn't exactly what I expected, but in a way, it was even better!!

People might say 'what about White?' and the old dude who got decapitated, but in reality, irl plenty of people die in bad situations due to being in the wrong place at the wrong time, and this is exactly what happened to them. The situation was bigger than them. New wasn't interested in screwing up his revenge for two people he didn't even know. He is beyond guilt (aside from what he felt about Non) and in the end, he got his revenge, they were collateral and he died 'fairly' in the process.

So, yeah, this show is ABSOLUTELY worth the watch, so long as you like the genre. Props to everyone who put work into this because they did an outstanding thing here and I hope this show gets some more exposure outside of just the BL fandom because it deserves a better and broader audience, people who can really appreciate it. It's a horror/gore/suspense thriller with LGBTQ+ characters if you ask me, and labeling it a BL (as the status of BL currently stands) is not enough.
I would definitely recc this!!

PS: Watch the final ep to the end, post credits, the funny bts they show were somehow just the perfect contrasting cherry on top!
The Story

DFF is actually the best Thai bl series I've ever watched .The story is soo fucking good .The present and past stories have been showed in a very good way.The scripwriters should be credited the most,they wrote such a fantastic series.The direction,production are also fucking good.The cast has been very good,their acting skills specially Barcode,he is portraying every situation so well.DFF is indeed a very very good series...making me fall in love with Thailand more hard.
My favorite series

I think the series is very good, although there are still some bad points to say it's perfect, but they have good ideas, I very much respect the daring thinking of the film crew, and really love the actors who have devoted their best. The way of working in a film crew is very fast-paced, so I respect and admire these beautiful guys. They dare to show bold scenes according to the script. But it's very artistic, thanks to the love scenes, the series is very attractive to viewers. My BIAS is Copper, the most beautiful guy I've ever seen, every moment he's on screen I pay full attention. Not just because of his beauty, but also his charisma and real-life personality. Oh, I'm in love with this man.
definitely creepy in a good way tho

firstly i would like to start with the story, it is fucking spooky my legs went completely numb as i kept watching it was super scary until like episode 4.
after episode 4 i started to really get what's going on with the storyline.
so definitely a great story it's creepy spooky and they also have good ass dialogues there...

the cast definitely was my favourite part.
i don't know if i'm kinda doing favouritism but the cast stole my attention on first sight.
i got even more excited when i saw barcode and copper on the cast.
i'm not joking i jumped 25 ft in the air out of happiness.

i mean the music is not really there but the little spooky melody at the intro always gets my legs shaking.
i mean it's kinda scary paired with the background of the masked murder chasing after the boys.

i feel like rewatching this series over and over again until i would have enough of seeing it.
also the story is not that easy and a dumbass like me needs explanation so i guess rewatching could help me understand better.

overall fly run and flip in the air to watch this series because it's so damn good.
also great for people that get along well with horror.
The series has Thailand's best and first mindwork

First of all, I like the actors' faces, they're all really charming, I usually don't like either one of them but I'm impressed with the whole cast, my bias is Copper and I really love him, there are some people like JJay Mio who don't act well, that's the truth, I think you should learn more , in general the series is much better than the normal bl movie market, DFF is more advanced that anyone who is a fan of boy love movies should watch I really respect BOC for their willingness to spend on the movie, oh I really hope the DFF cast is famous I only like the actors in DFF, who can make me write 5000 words they are very talented
The plot and ending

Im satisfied with the ending, If this series ended with an happy ending, then i would have really been disappointed. But glad it ended with an open book. The acting was superb especially non, he portrayed the innocence, the pain, the betrayal and the character of psycho very smoothly. The other's cast acting was also good. As for white, he didn't deserved to die like that, he suffered all those just cause he fell in love with a wrong person at a wrong time.
There is really no reasons to not watch it

The reason this series caugh my attention was because barcode is acting in this and the trailer seemed really good. I'm glad that my expectations for this series did'nt disappoint. At first lets talk about the actors.

This was my first series from Be On Cloud. I have seen Barcode Instagram and Youtube and I was truly amazed by his acting. I have never seen the other actors but, I think I just fell in love with them. Their acting is so good, they made me cry, smile, and made me think I'm going crazy. You could also feel the characters emotions very well.

This plot deserves an award. I could never predict what would happen, well maybe some parts??. The story seemed very original to me, if you love thriller and action watch this asap.

This series is a 10/10 for me, well produced, amazing actors and original plot. There is really no reason to not watch it.
This review may contain spoilers
BE ON CLOUD NEVER DISAPPOINT!

Okay first of all, can we congratulate Taa for such amazing acting like damnnnn his acting is such an eye opener of his presence in this industry. I mean I could barely notice him in KinnPorsche and now, HELLO NEW BIAS. HAHAHA. Anyway, let's talk about the plot first. I really LOVE the BL thriller series. It makes me all focus and i did not skip of certain part at all which I find it damn interesting except that I wish there is MORE to it. The plot is already beautiful by its own but I wish they could do more elaboration of what happened at the end, like how can they never left the house? Did Phee inhale a different drug so that's why it is too strong that they did not realize they are still stuck in the house? And also, I wish they would elaborate the plot to be each episodes, one by one of the cast died and I feel like the ending seems rushed. Like, the realization scene is quite weak. It looks like Phee already know that everything is just hallucination and just informing that to Jin which again, realization scene is weak. If they wish to have a better plot, it would be awesome if at the end of the series, Non suddenly appeared like "Phee? Jin? How did you know each other?", like it turns out that he is still alive and he just went for hiding.

They have such good potential plot twist plot but seems rushed ending. I love behind the scenes episodes though HAHAHA im crying that they are too goofy XD XD XD.

I have no issues with the character. I love everything about them, and twisted revenge relationship though. Just that I wish there is more for the plot. Will definitely rewatch them again and Taa, im coming for your fine ass <3 HAHAHA
An Excellent Series (Miscellaneous Episode)
Usually, I write reviews after episodes four or five, but I wanted to give this series its full rundown first, so I'm writing this after episode eleven and will revisit after the end. A piece of art is Dead Friend Forever. Mystery shows often upset me since it seems like everyone is handing you the solutions, but this one not only avoided doing that, but also didn't entice me to make any guesses. I found myself wanting to see the story to continue since it kept me entertained.

The characters are annoying, especially Non included, which usually makes me lose my cool, yet they In order to achieve a good, watchable balance, make sure the viewer has enough contempt for the others and enough sympathy for Non. I cared a great deal about Non receiving justice, regardless of my feelings for him or rather, my opinions regarding Non's ability to make decisions. I simply felt in my gut that almost every other character need to die, I didn't care how. It is a remarkable achievement in and of itself to create a character that elicits such strong empathy for the other characters that it renders them unredeemable, but it is truly miraculous that Non's presence does not eventually consume me. This writing is amazing. Horrible people seize an opportunity to take full advantage of a weakness, and while each has a valid motive, none of them
Game Changer in BL

I cannot recommend this series enough. It just ended and I will be thinking about it for weeks to come.
Classic thriller with a really compelling story. These young actors did a great job. I see so much potential with JJay and am very excited to see what he does in the future. All the actors did well, but JJay really stood out to me.
This series was confusing in the best way. The ending was wonderful; it's open-ended and you need to come to your own conclusions.
I'm hoping this genre appears more in BL. I will be re-watching. How can you not?
This review may contain spoilers
Played with my mind

It's been a rollercoaster watching this series. I cannot just put out any of my reasoning ability , to describe, define or defend any of the character in this series.
The acting of the cast was freaking good.... I salute to that!!
The story is also complex, as it gave me chills, and surely played with my mind.
Me not being fan of horror, was a bit hesitant to watch this series, but after I started it .. Damn!! I was hinged

Some highlights:
1. In the beginning the characters felt soo dumb, but then I was convinced that usually in horror characters are usually dumb.? (So we can cancel this out)
2. I Will never forgive the writers for killing White. That poor soul, his only fault was that he loved the wrong guy.
3. Not even one character of the series is likeable (except White) , but that's also the the best part as well.. as everyone is flawed.
4. Cliffhanger after Cliffhanger.. never fully completes some plots. I still have many questions.. Maybe there will be a S2..
5. WTF, was the ending.... It was already weird that Phee and Jin were living a normal life after all that's happened, but the plot twist and then sudden ending.. ... ??
6. A lot of people liked to be the Jin apologists, but sorry not me ... I absolutely disliked the character.. also felt Coppers acting a bit stiff than others , but that's still okay as it's his first acting project would like to see him more.
8. Ta Barcode chemistry is electrifying
9. Ta Copper chemistry :- Jawdrop!!!
10. Top class acting from the entire class!!

Waiting to get a final closure!!! Otherwise I wouldn't be at peace!!



This review may contain spoilers
Twists all the way to the end

I liked this a lot. If you prefer fluffy, this isn't for you. Not as spicy as BoC's KinnPorsche but it does have the ass slap heard round the world (Thanks,Ta). The only part that was hard to watch was the backstory of Non's disappearance. There was 1 episode where I had to just hope Barcode's character would kill them all in a later episode because the bullying was so bad? I liked the whole cast and it was nice to see some familiar faces again. We got to see how the characters changed over time. There were things woven into the story that led viewers down wring paths for solving what was happening. I know some viewers didn't like White dying because yes, he was totally innocent. But then life isn't always fair. A lot of twists and turns that you wouldn't be able to figure out on your own (e.g., the drugs) Even the last 10 minutes surprised me and I like that.
this series was so insane i can’t say i was pleased with the ending but it was so insane. every episode you thought you had theories that could be true but they just outdid you. the cast is next level. genuinely the acting was insane each and every person in that show should be so proud because of felt like i was watching grammy winning actors. the show i was so excited to watch every week it really was so so interesting. i don’t have many words after that last ep but i would recommend this to everyone
DFF Better Than Expected

Before I write this review, I’ll be honest, I didn’t expect much. I’ve watched THC and to be honest, some of their acting was so so but I gave DFF a try because the plot was so interesting and it’s better than expected! I judged the boys too soon because oh wow, their acting improved so much! Yes of course some scenes had lack of expression but it’s barely noticeable. This show makes you anxious since episode 1 and I’m only in episode 3 and it keeps getting better and better. It has so much suspense and build up! I’m excited to see what actually happened. Now on the editing side, let’s not forget to give credit to BOC and their amazing cinematography! If there’s one thing BOC is amazing at is definitely their editing, colour and cinematography skills. Everything was well shot and edited! Overall kudos to everyone involved!
Respectfully, how this series even get like 8.0 rating ???

Seriously, why are you guys giving this series like rating more than 5? are you guys ok?
I honestly doesnt find a joy even a bit in the first episode, it was... a MESS.

Nonsense storyline, unrealistic story, meh acting. I was tried to watch this with no expectation. But yet I still dont get over how terrible this series is. I sense there would be very bad story in this series so I will just keep going to watch some interaction but, it didn't help...

Judge me because I only watch like 2 episodes but again it wasn't my fault either. Ep 1-2 was huge turn off to begin with. I guess my standart is way too high ??? Which is i think its good for me.
I really loved this unique series in thai industry

Why this rating is low?I don't f**** care about ratings.This is a revolution in thai industry.I don't really understand what to hate about this story.It's not a stereotype lovey dovey fluffy bl .It's not even focused on bl.But this show is definitely not everyone's cup of tea.If anyone into just bl they shouldn't watch this.
I started liking it from the ep 1.This series carried many emotions of mine and obviously it was a rollercoaster of many theories.I didn't expect this much since it was bl and on the top thai.But it really exceeded my expectations.
At first I loved it for the perfect cast.But one after another I was really into story.And then the music got me.Every character portrayed perfectly . That's the prove from how mauch hate,love,admire, confusion they got from us.Speciallly Bracode and Mio.Barcode in only 19 but how he was into his character, really deserve enough appreciation.And for Mio ,it never felt like it's his first time or he is not a professional.Then comes my favourite Jjay and Fuaiz,they nailed it wonderfully.Ta was successful to show his character properly.Everyone did great despite being new or old.
The ending was really mind blowing.No need of season 2 or special episode.If anyone can't handle the ending I said before it's not everyone's cup of tea.
overall it's really a fine product that I needed.

I was totally into Dff.it deserve 10/10.but we all can see good things never get proper appreciation.
More Horror than BL but Fabulous!

To be sure, this series was far from perfect, but it so grabbed my attention from the beginning and never lost it. Of course, the story got a little wonky, way too unnecessarily complicated, and so deep into the weeds in detail that I thought I would love my mind trying to figure out who was doing what to whom. But overall, what a ride! This story is a classic story of haves against have-nots. The privileged against the disadvantaged. It is a story about a group of ‘friends’ who take advantage of one particular individual whose skills are something they lack but want. They bully, cajole, and manipulate him into thinking he could become one of ‘them’; but, of course, he never will. The ending is stunningly creative and unexpected and had a feel that we were watching a version of a Grand Guignol theater. Perhaps, that is why I loved it so much. This is well-crafted, remarkably well-acted, with a bit too much detail in places, exceptionally dark perhaps too much so, yet overall so fascinating, gripping and captivating. One of the best BLs for 2024 with a frightfully deep doleful story.
If you want to read my full review, please go to BLBliss.com. I have other reviews there as well.
triedd

so thai bl acting has this thing yk where it's not good so this doesn't deviate. I got into bl almost 2 years now? and i think its really the only tv genre where people exuse i'm not sure for what. I watch ep 1 which wasn't bad this is defiently a mystry which I was intriguied about, I started ep 2 and understanding the dire of a sitution these boys were in I can't possibly exucse their acting if I love tv dramas as much as I do. Yes most bls have iffy acting sometimes it's noticable when cringy but you move on cause it doesn't hurt the plot. This was the opposite, I wanted to continue to see barcode cause I believe everyone when they say he steals the show but a show cannot be good with one good actor. I don't speak thai but i can't help but feel like i am being pissed on when people praise the show will i see shit on my screen. Also i felt they were dragging things and it's more admirable if a write can stretch a mystery but you don't have to be bored
About DFF

Wow this is really got me from the 1st episode. I'm so happy to see familiar faces that we used to love in KinnPorsche era.

Anyways if we talk about this series it's a group of 8 friends went on a vacation in a mountain house in the middle of a forest and other tan the 8 friends there is another friend of them that only a few people know. It's supposed to be Jin's farewell party before he's going abroad to study but it turns out that they have to face many mysterious incidents which occurs by something or someone.

The story plot is very interesting and it's based on the thailand's mythological urban legend. About the actors overall I like their acting but still it need to be improved. Usnttr is doing a great job with his character I must say that. The music choices are great.

I'm still a little bit confused about what happened to Non ( Barcode) Anyways let's find out.
If you're searching for a horror bl based story then I think you should watch this. Overall I like it even it's the 1st episode still.
Let's see what's going to happen to this 8 friends.
It was meh for me. I would add this to my list of what I casually dropped.

I would add this to my list of what I casually dropped. Why ?

***
Months before the series air, I was already excited and thrilled to watch from both the summary and the concept/trailers but when the episodes started being released, I didn't start watching it right away until there was enough episodes released to binge-watch instead of waiting to watch once a week.

So on this day, there are 9 episodes out of the 12 annoounced that are already out so I decided to watch it.

The first minutes were "interesting" (let's say the 5 first minutes) then they started to get into the plot what should be good right ? Well no, because first, the group of friends that from what I understood were supposed to know each other for some time now ( two years or plus) were just so awkward to each other, even side-eyeing some so I was like wtf. Then the acting and the way it was filmed felt really cheap. I'm sorry if I'm being ruthless but that's how I felt.
I would've loved to have the nerves to go further in this first episode and more generally, in the series but they didn't managed to got me hooked. I don't think I would even give it another chance later...

Just for those who want to know, I watched 17 minutes into the series.
